["\nThe same thing happening in the new replaced phone also I feel disappointed it's not worth for the money. It's hanging a lot in phone application. I am getting irritated when I am try to make a call. I need to wait for 30 to 40 seconds in that to most of the time it closing automatically showing phone is not responding. I didn't expect this from one plus. Totally waste product...\n", "\nEverything is best except the thing that one plus hasn't provided headphones with handset..n even cleaning cloth is not there...only one transparent cover case is available..phone doesn't have headphones jack n hence it should have provided headphones..mine is mirror Black..\n", '\n\xa0Do watch the video. M very disappointed with the product\n', '\nAwesome device, and hats off to amazon for such speedy delivery.I ordered it on 16th May 12PM and it got delivered by 17th May 10AMAnd so far I m absolutely loving this device, buttery smooth and blazing fast. But its a bit big, afterall 6.7 inches is quite a number and super slippery if used without the case.And I am awestruck by the speed it charges. 😍\n', '\nWorth every buck.Finally one plus has involved and presented a better shaped handset.- Amazing display quality and the curved edged display.- Best in class camera.- Better battery life and charging.\n', '\nWaste of money this time one plus 7 pro heavy weight not disply gud compare to samsung, also inbuilt screen guard getting with bubles and in youtube show wireless headphone and 2 axtra cover with phone but not recived this time really waste of money\n', '\nThis phone has a hanging issue. Nd ur customer care says they can send d technician on 25th. Its like  i hv spent 53000 nd still i cant use a phone.\n', '\nNo 4G direct video call!! What a mess! Clearly over priced. Display is stunning. Performance stunning. Average battery backup. Over hiped device as usual!! Worst RAM management! Only 2GB RAM is free out of 8GB in most optimized state with all the back ground applications are closed. Next upgrade should solve the RAM management problem and Direct 4G video call feature. Camera is good but not ground breaking at this price tag and as hyped by the company.\n', '\njust bought oneplus 7 prowas exploring itsaved both of my thumbs as fingerprint but the phone opened with my right index fingerprintwhat the hell is this\n', '\nI am giving 1 star for poor camera quality .The camera is bad than my oneplus 3.Its not able to focus correctly and the final image is blurry.I discovered the issue when clicking a pic of a document.The text was not sharp and all and after doing some more testing with 3rd party apps , and going thru Oneplus Forum, found that many people are facing this same issue.Oneplus should fix this issue, else this would be like OP 2\n', "\nThis is a beast of a phone. Fastest processor amongst Android phones. Full screen AMOLED display takes the viewing experience to another level. Stereo speakers quality is too good. Can't ask for a better phone.\n", "\nI got the Phone Yesterday. And from my 1 Day experience I'm giving you short review.. I won't go for the things It doesn't have.. I'll tell, how it works with the Things it have..1. Oh Boy, the Display, It's Smooth as Butter.. I think it's the best thing of this Phone.. You can use it all day and It's really really Awesome. No Display and I say No Display is Smooth and Vivid as This One...2. Speed! 90Hz Display and SD 855 show it's Muscle here.. From app opening to Gaming, it does everything smoothly!3. Build Quality is Great. It feels Solid. No way it's A One Handed Device. Slightly Heavier Side.4. Warp Charge!! Yesterday at Night 11.30 pm I started Charging with 11% Battery. Within 12.35 am it's 100%. It's Blazing Fast.Now Let's Talk about some Mediocre Stuff-4. Camera! It's Ok I'd say.. Colour is slightly shifted.. I don't know Why but My Poco is Capturing Better image than this in Automatic Mode.. It's Good and like traditional One Plus Camera.. The Only Weakness!! Front Camera is good but nothing Mind-blowing Crazy..  It tends to Crop too much in Front Camera Portrait Shots.I hope One Plus implement Wide Angle Video Recording..All I can say, It's Good Phone for 52K.. Value for Money.. But Market will be Competitive in May with Asus and Redmi New Launch. So if you can, Wait for 1 Month and Compare with Other Things.But If for Display, I will Choose this Phone Anyday over Upcoming Ones.. It's Best.... I think till Samsung Note 10, the One Plus Display will be Champion in Market.I didn't talk about 3.0 UFS storage cause everyday usage you won't see much difference.And Sorry for my Poor English!\n", "\nCamera quality is almost same as 6T, which is worst, utterly flopped popup cameraDisplay of dark cell is very bad, M30 is much better than thisI don't know about this ram, without optimizing software, more power consumption which leads battery drains fast over multi tasking and produces heat.Finally oneplus is no more for mid range premium customers. 10k higher\n", '\nCamera quality is not up to mark as per price range. There is Slow motion video recordering blanking problem. Picture clearly of 3 camera is poor. Avoid to Buy this Product.\n', '\nPhone is awesome but c connector for 3.5jack  not provided in box however in 6T they provide that same 7 pro is upgraded and high rate phone they should provide that same ! Really unhappy 😔 with OnePlus first time I purchased one plus phone and my expectations not meet !\n', '\nAfter using 36 hrs am writing this review.Screen,sound ,build quality are just awesome.I found only few Cons. like-1.battery back up2. No type-C to 3.5 jack in box where it was available with 6T model.3. No headphone/earphone in box.after paying 48999 u can expect a pair of headphone\n', "\nIt's Bulky in handit's not charging fast as they claiming 48% in 20 minsAnd it's get unusual temperature risedEar phone missed bcz now a day's all premium phone s will get good quality ear phone\n", '\nphone is ok ..but battery drain very fast..Photo is good...the person who use more incoming and outgoing calls... This phone is not advisable.. then u carry Power bank or charger...1plus 6 is good , when you camper..Only for photo purpose is ok...I am really unhappy about charging point...after 4/months. This problem is coming.. charging is very slow... Not advisable.. I want return the product ... Charger is not locking inside...Wast of money.\n', '\nI do not recieve Bluetooth earphone and car charger  in YouTube one plus 7 pro unboxing show Bluetooth earphone and car charger but i only receive phone\n', "\nI am using this product since 2 week and I'm impressed with the product in all the way.Thank you one plus.\n", "\nI have been using this phone for about last 4 days and the best part about this phone is the display it's truly gorgeous once you start using 1440P 90Hz display I bet you won't even feel using the 1080p display and the cherry on the top is its OLED black is black and all the colours looks just so great that it makes viewing experience like you are sitting in a IMAX.Alright enough about the display now speaking about the camera I think over the updates oneplus will improve it but still as of today it's still performs quite well in well lit environment but it underperfoms in low light environment however nightscape mode works quite well but I hope for the oneplus improvvs it over the updates.Under producing selfie camera performs well and I really like that it has a free fall detection which is like and insurance for your phoneSpeaking about the battery if you're going to game then I guess you will get around 4 hours of screen on time on 1440 p at 90 hz but if you are going to use this phone as a daily driver then it can get you through all the day I charge my phone at 7 in the morning and when I came back home at around 12 o'clock at the night I still had around 20% battery left so it's quite good for me.Other Interesting features like the processor of this phone the beauty of this phone and the glass back and its display is just Cherry on the top.In conclusion this is by far the best phone I have ever bought if you are going to buy any phone at around 50k price. Then definitely go for this and I think 8GB RAM variant is good enough I don't know why they made 12 GB variant\n", "\nFirst time I have purchased one plus phone (one plus 7 pro) but my experience is very bad due to phone camera quality and battery life. Pictures are blur and camera can't focus on subject, pictures showing good in camera before clicking but after click picture goes blur. I have done every troubleshooting but problem is still same. Battery also work for 4-5 hours. So I want to return it. Because I have spent a very big amount on this phone but I am very disappointed by Amazon and one plus.\n", "\nOne plus 7 pro is sold at a higher price and the device doesn't justify that, with no headphone jack and a dismal battey life i would suggest to wait for one plus 7. They don't include type - c to 3.5 jack connector in the box. WHEN I SAY THAT BATTERY LIFE IS POOR I SERIOUSLY MEAN IT. you barely get 4 hrs on time with the screen with 90hz, they have included 60hz option in the settings but which fool would change from 90 to 60hz ? the 90hz will spoil you and you will NEVER go back to 60hz screen. As i said the mobile overall is average not bad. They have provided a WARP charger which charges like crazy fast which will somehow 'compensate' a bad battery ?  NO  There were numerous occasions where i had to charge 3-4 times a day of heavy usage. The WARP charger charges the device to 50% in 20 min which is the only reason why i haven't gone for refund, really.As for the camera, it's 'average' for a flagship device. One plus pro are a premium rage smartphones which aims to compete with flagships, it isn't a 'flagship killer' but a 'flagship contender'The photos on bright sunlight and good lighting are good but fally horribly bad on low lighting and night time. So dismal.Some neat features in this device is that it is really smart , the sensors are top notch and detect the phone movement so scarily accurate . For example when you life the device from the table or a bed or whatever the sensors detect the movement and the screen lights up for you to check for notifications, note that this isn't because the front cam detects your 'ugly' face because the front cam is neatly sealed inside the device and it pops up when you need to take a selfie or a face recognition unlock with help of a magnetic motor. The device's screen is good not great i don't understand why there is a huge fuss around it.One more thing i have noted is that the vibrating motor in this device is very top class, they have clearly put a lot of effort in perfecting it, you can set the vibration intensity to match you satisfaction, be careful though if it is too high, when the mobile vibrates you too vibrate along with it :)I , thus conclude by stating that this device is a very 'average' 'smart' phone with a good screen which also happends to be a flagship for one plus company.\n", "\nVery bad product, many functions doesn't work, I have OnePlus 5 and I didn't feel any issue with my old phone till now, don't buy, you will regret, and also Amazon support won't help you at all, they are even more worst 😡😡😡\n", "\nOne of the best phones I have used, be it android or iOS.The performance is buttery smooth, compared side by side with a Oneplus 6T, and 90hz display really makes a hell lot of difference.Updated to the 9.5.4 available while writing the review, and the battery life is awesome, getting 6 hrs screen on time with 90hz display. Camera is decent, just put the GCam, and it becomes a versatile camera option to shoot in different scenarios.Warp charging is the highlight and really charges the phone pretty quick, I don't miss my dash charging even with this huge battery.The haptic motor is finally really good, and now typing and other small tasks gives that satisfying vibrations.Stereo speakers are of really good quality and they are loud and clear.As for the headphone jack and adapter, everyone should know that before getting this device, spending ₹50k for a device without prior research is your mistake. Sure they should have given atleast an adapter, but it's no reason to give this one star.Overall, really awesome device, much better than the exynos galaxy that we get here in India.\n", '\nI am very disappointed with one plus there are no wireless charging and earphones with the phone in 53k u must go with 26k-55k vivo Samsung or apple also they giving you this standard Assesories with the phone.about hand set phone screen resolution is perfect 👌camera is perfect and design also perfect 👌\n', "\nBad experience with Amazon and onepluse.I have problems in touch but they don't accept replace immediately.Touch not working properly in a day 2_3 times it's automatically touch and phone start various application without any touch closing and open. Customer care taking too long time and assign technical assistance after on 27  may . Don't buySame problem after replacement but now ok after os update. Best phone in 50k range\n", "\nBefore going to buy this product let me tell some truth... Camera is at it's worst, after buying this  phone  I got 2 updates and last one specific for camera  but still it's same as before after updateScreen quality  just like a normal lcd panel phone , I switched from pixel XL but that was my biggest mistake I can say that.Now the funniest thing is my phone's front camera taking 15-20 second to popup and Amazon tech support says that's normal 😁😁. Amazon says no return policy is there for this phone so yeah you are going to regret after buying this piece of junk, don't listen to the YouTubbers they are just paid for that. I am writing this review after 10 days of use.\n", "\nThe product was received in good packaging condition.. The phone is awesome except that the selfie popup camera isn't working.. It refuses to come out & instead an error message pops up for the camera..\n", "\nPhone is like a brick. Very heavy. I mean you can't talk without headphones. Interesting thing is one plus calling this premium phone. They have the audacity to give this phone without earphone and any kind of adapter from type c to 3.55. Thats arrogance at it's best. Basically you are stuck and spend whole lot of money for Bluetooth ear phone. Only saving grace of this phone is performance. Ui is not great and very old. Vivo has better ui than this phone. Buy if you want to shell out extra money for simple things like adapter and all.  It is not water resistant too. No it's rating. This is my first and last one plus.\n", "\nAn absolute fun loving futuristic Beast phone ever made by OnePlus.Thumbs Up👍:1. Fluid Amoled: Top notch quality display similar to Samsung Dynamic Amoled.2. 90Hz Refresh rate: Butter Smooth experience, Best for gaming! 🎳3. Full screen Display:  There is no distractions like notch or pinch hole camera. Breathtaking 😍 Viewing experience with HDR10+.📺4. Triple Camera Setup: Ultra wide(117°)+ Wide + Telephoto.🎥5. Dolby Atmos: Crystal clear Surround sound 🔊6. Popup Camera: Interesting Camera 📷set up which eliminated notch on Display and it is sturdy.7. World's First phone to have UFS 3.0.Thumbs Down:👎1: I felt like screen is too big, it could have been between 6.3 - 6.4 instead of 6.67 inch.2.  Price: I had to pay Rs.16000💰 more Just for full screen Display (UHD+, 90Hz+ Bezelless), 300mAh more battery and for an Extra Telephoto camera.3. Little bit thicker & hefty: 206grams🏋️ compared to OnePlus7 weighing about 182grams.Will update my detailed review on OnePlus 7pro after One Month of usage.\n", '\nI completely Loved the display quality , sound quality , finger print sensor , Pop up camera, wide angle , 3x zoom and night scape camera. I disappointed a bit by not having a 3.5 mm ear phone jack. Coming to the story of battery life one plus 7 pro is 4000 milliamp which is having 9 hrs 45 minutes battery life where as one plus 6t is 3700 milliamp which is having 10 hrs battery life . I was disappointed with this too. I was totally stunned by the speediness of fingerprint sensor absolutely stunned .  I think everything is fine with the New one plus 7 pro and I am absolutely and delightfully enjoying the experience of New one plus 7 pro . Basically I am a movie lover. I am enjoying the HD movies like I am watching in movie theater. Dolby Atmos sound quality adds this phone to become high priority than others .\n', "\nDefinitely worth every single Penny spent on it. The display and performance are absolutely mind blowing. Camera may not be the best but it's still top class. The phone isn't as big as people would think it is. It's actually pretty sleek and feels nice in the hands as it isn't very broad. The battery performance is commendable given the 90hz refresh rate and the QHD display. Would easily last a day on normal usage. Although, Heavy users would require around half an hour of charging. Warp charge is super fast, you won't even realise how quickly your phone charges after you plug it in. Oxygen works buttery smooth and as a first time user of this UI, I'm liking it quite a lot. Gaming is wonderful too, absolutely smooth, beautiful and lag free. The accompanying phone cover is good too, it just gets smudged by finger prints though. As someone who watched reviews of different phones and was well versed with what I was buying, I'm enjoying every second of using this phone.Most of the reviewers here are complaining about not receiving headphones and extra covers and a screen guard with bubbles, it's absolutely absurd. You should atleast look over what you're buying first thoroughly, and any reasonable man would have easily found out what he's get in the box and what he's not getting. These illiterate people buy stuff without knowing anything and then expect candies in the damn box and when they don't get it, write negative reviews which influence other queer buyers. It's highly unfortunate.For all those looking for the best performing Device available right now, go for it, if you can compromise with the headphone jack (get a 3.5mm to c type cable and problem solved). Everything from the looks and feel to the performance of the phone is amazing. You'll feel that you're holding a flagship masterpiece every second you're holding this phone. It's easily the best phone in it's price range hands down.\n", "\nBattery is a weak.. Needs to charge twice a dayAnd apps also keep crashing... In between...Thr is a bug in which lock screen ambient light won't work sumtimes\n", "\nDidn't received Bluetooth headphone and car charger with mobile. As it was told in the launch event that one plus seven will give both these products with package.\n", '\nSO this phone is probably the best Android phone till date and even better than ios ehen it comes to camera and speed❤️I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PHONE FROM PAST 2 DAYS FOLLOWING ARE THE PROS-1)NO LAG IN GAMING2) ULTIMATELY FAST CHARGING3) THE EDGES ON SCREEN GIVE PREMIUM FEELING4) DUAL SPEAKERS ARE SERIOUSLY USEFUL5) THE TOUCH AND DISPLAY IS VERY SMOOTH6) CAMERA IS A BEAST BOTH FRONT AND BACK CAMERAFOLLOWING ARE CONS-NONE XD AS A CONCLUSION--THE SPEED IS UNMATCHABLE-IN HAND FEEL IS VERY PREMIUM-CAMERA WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN-WARP CHARGING IS VERY QUICKHOPE THIS HELPS🙂❤️\n', "\nNeither a flagship phone nor a flagship killer. It's an expensive joke..  Mi note 5 pro camera is far far better than this idot box.  48 MP camera is a joke.  The tech reviewers gave biased reviews. Don't even try to compare with MI note 7 pro 48MP setup.  Nothing in the product will amaze you,  you will end up with a huge disappointment... Ram management is pathetic,  battery is below average.  Go for google pixel rather than this.\n", "\nI didn't believe the reviewers. I bought the phone. And now I don't like any other phones except OnePlus 7 Pro.90Hz - It's madness. Imagine this - Drinking alcohol is injurious to health, but if you drink it you'll feel good. Right? 90Hz would give you the best smartphone experience, but it drains some more battery compared to 60Hz. Moderate drinking is perfectly fine; charging the phone 2 times a day is fine too. (I'm a heavy user)Warp charger - Charges the phone at remarkable speeds. If you're a previous OnePlus user, you won't find much of a difference.Camera - Definitely the best, in accordance with pricing.Everything else - as accurate as in the product description.My favorite retarded reviews :*Someone was upset that he couldn't find a 'OnePlus backpack' and a 'OnePlus water bottle' in the package.*Someone was upset that he found an air bubble under the phone's screen guard.\n", '\nI was a follower of OnePlus but after this phone I am not going to by OnePlus phones anymore. I got screen burning on multiple spots on this phone.Those people call it a gaming phone & when I play games for couple of hours a day it gets screen burning....so what kind of gaming phone is this.I bought Samsung Tab S6 for gaming....this phone just remain as yet another phone\n', "\nBig issue with touchscreen..when I try n write it starts video call on wattsapp.. I am trying to write a review the page is closing automatically. After spending 50k if you face such issues, it's disappointing.. I don't know if this issue is because I ordered from Amazon.. I will not recommend this phone to anyone.. I want to return this n want a good phone in working condition or else my refund.\n", '\nThere are air bobbles on the screen , request has been placed for return, let see what they would suggest\n', '\nI have tried twice to explain what issues I am facing with this phone but the Amazon call centre are not accepting it. They are just trying to ignore the issues. I want the phone to be replaced at any cost. Other phones which is 7 pro itself which is being charged in 30 mins and my phone is taking more then an hour to charge the phone. batter draines like a China Redmi phone. I am using 5T OnePlus which is getting fast charging then this pro phone and battery is not drained at all. This phone gets more then an hour plus the phone is getting HEATED ALOT WHILE CHARGING AND WHILE THE BATTERY BEING USED IN APPLICATION LIKE WHATSAPP. BATTERY GETS BADLY DRAINED AND ITS ALSO GETTING HEATED UP WHILE USING APPLICATION. THE APPLICATION WHICH AMAZON ASKED ME TO INSTALL I INSTALLED AND I SAW ITS RATING ON PLAYSTORE. PEOPLE ARE YELLING ON THE APPLICATION WHICH IS BEING USED TO CHECK THE PHONE the BLANCCO. I am seriously not interested in using this phone. REFUND ME MY MONEY BACK OR ELSE SEND A NEW PHONE TO ME. AMAZON PEOPLE ARE FOOLISHLY TELLING ME TO USE THE PHONE ON POWER SAVING MODE. I AM NOT AT ALL A FOOL TO SPEND 53000 FOR SUCH HEATED UP PHONE. REPLACE THE PHONE OR ELSE GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK. I AM WRITING THIS WITHIN THE PERIOD TO REPLACEMENT AND I HAVE TRIED THE CALL CENTRE TWICE. REPLACE ME THE PHONE WITH NEW ONE OR ELSE SEND ME MY MONEY BACK.\n', '\ndisplay- 5 starlook- 4 starprocessor- no need to be ratedbattery- 4 star. more thn my expectations at qhd nd 90hzgood sound not one of d best stereo speakers\n', "\nAmazing phone I have never given reviews about anything on internet but after reading some bad comments insisted me to write one good comment. Guys don't know people are mad or there luck is too bad that they have received some dabba but in one line I can garrentee you .... That u can't find better phone then this. I have used iPhone Samsung Sony Nokia redmi oppo but after using  one plus specially 7 pro I can't think I would buy some other phone.Best of the best\n", "\nPlease don't buy it now, it is not picking up the network time. Maybe a software issue and Amazon would be sending a technician today but they wouldn't replace or refund it.\n", "\nBrought a phone @53K it's Heats a lot.....even in normal use it's become 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 .... There's no option for return Amazon... Say download the app n that app is completely useless it shows 42° as normal temperature really disappoint  one should go with another brand Google pixel or iPhone\n", "\nGood and awesome experience in one plus 7 proGood battery lifeGood cameraGood for pubgBig screen and sound quality is also goodWorking in good condition let's see... I used this almost 10 days suddenly my wake screen and double tap to wake the screen is not working properly\n", "\nGot it in a day, and have been using it for a day, till now the experience is quite good, here are the pros and cons I noticed-Pros-1. The display is absolutely amazing 90Hz refresh rate makes everything make more fluid, plus the HDR support is a good feature since they are tying up with Netflix to bring HDR content, although some apps have not used the curves at top and bottom of the screen properly.2. The phone is fast and I mean damn fast, thanks to the Qualcomm SD 855.3. Battery life lasts about a day with medium use, with heavy use with QHD and 90Hz kept on, the battery drains fast. But  with the WRAP30 charger it charges pretty fast.4. The UFS3.0 storage is very fast.5. The phone design looks good, one of the best looking smartphones with a glass back.Cons-1. The biggest con is it has no headphone jack AND no USB-C to 3.5mm converter or USB-C headphone is provided with this, so you have to shell out extra bucks for that.2. The upcoming OnePlus 7 still has SD855 and 48MP processor, although it costs about 32999.3. The camera is nothing unique for a flagship, but still captures good photo even in lowlight.4. No wireless charging.5. No official water proof rating.6. It's very slippery due to the glass back, so if you've tendency of dropping phones definitely get a cover. Although finger smudges are easy to clean on it unlike the Google Pixel.Over all it's great phone and one can go for it.\n", '\nReview after a week of using:Display:It\'s as good as it gets. Super AMOLED with 90Hz refresh rate. The colours are vivid and contents are crisp, also, with the video enhancement ratio turned on, the contrast ratio is really kicking in. However, you do not get a Samsung or Apple level display but at this price point, this is a steal.Display Rating - 9/10.Sound:Dolby Atmos gives you the stereo sound that OnePlus has promised and it makes you feel immersed in whatever video you\'re watching or game you\'re playing with addition to the full screen display. However, it\'s not the best sound I\'ve heard on a phone, but it\'s much better than a lot of phones. And also, it doesn\'t have "equal" amplitude of sound coming out of both speakers. The bottom one is more powerful, probably because it\'s the main speaker for ringtones. Overall, it\'s a good speaker for normal users, for audiophiles - not so great.Sound rating - 8/10Camera:When I first turned the camera on, my mind was blown, probably because of the cheerleading effect of the high quality AMOLED display, but even so, it put up competition with devices that took photo with Google Camera Mod or even the Google Pixel\'s camera as well. In some cases it was great, in some it was lacking. Overall, the dynamic range is great but not the best. The colours are more true to life, and in the normal / auto camera mode it offers an image of size 12MP. True 48MP images can be taken with the pro mode, and if you can set your camera up properly, you can take amazing photos of the milky way and stars, so it\'s a powerful camera. The Ultra-Wide camera needs some work done as the details look washed out on the pictures taken Ultra-Wide angle lens. The telephoto lens does its job well up to 3x zoom, but it does produce a tad bit of noise. And the night mode is especially good, it preserves the highlights and details and also lightens up the shadows during very challenging conditions. Amazing night mode. And as for selfies, yes, it\'s amazing, offering upto 16MP including the precise edge detection in portrait mode of both the back and front, the cameras are great. The OnePlus 7 Pro offers video recording of upto 4K 60FPS which is great and offers slow mo video of upto 240fps in 720p. However, there was a really annoying little problem, which was shutter lag, that\'s probably because of the software and I hope OnePlus improves that. Otherwise some pictures might be ruined because of it. Overall the camera is decent, and not the best.Camera Rating: 8/10Fingerprint Scanner: Even though it\'s an optical image fingerprint sensor in the age of newly invented ultrasonic fingerprint scanner, it\'s fast. Not as much as the physical ones but it\'s definitely the fastest optical fingerprint sensor I\'ve ever used. And the animation looks cool.Fingerprint scanner rating: 9/10UI: OxygenOS is the best UI you can get from a company. It is definitely smooth, fast and easy to use and doesn\'t look like a bootleg Android and at least it doesn\'t annoy people with bloatwares and advertisements in the utility apps. It has a lot of features and is highly customizable.UI Rating: 10/10Build: As much sexy as it looks, the OnePlus 7 Pro is fragile if it falls from your hands. Although glass looks premium and feels premium, I\'d rather prefer a metal aluminium body. However, with the addition of curved display, a mechanical camera and the glass back, I\'m in love with the design. It is definitely one of it\'s major selling points. The only other con is the lack of headphone jack, but it would have been consider if OnePlus would have at least included a pair of type-C headphones or at least a type-C to 3.5mm headphone jack converter. Keep up the good work, OnePlus!Build rating: 8/10Hardware: The OnePlus 7 Pro rocks a Snapdragon 855 chipset with Adreno 640, and everything you run on this device from games to Antutu 3D benchmarks, everything runs as smooth as butter with no fps drop or stuttering whatsoever, and doesn\'t heat up very much as well. However it still doesn\'t surpass a lot of phones if you match the scores.Hardware rating: 9/10In the Box content: In the box you get a 30W Warp Charge supported charging block with cool red type C cable to charge your phone, a flexible rubber case which is a good addition, some papers with a letter from Pete Lau but unfortunately not type-C to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter or type-C headphones. Huge disappointment.In the Box contents rating: 7/10So overall, we can conclude the OnePlus 7 Pro is a fantastic device but the price could have been at least 3K INR less, even after considering the lack of headphones or the converter, and to retain its title of "Flagship Killer". Unfortunately, OnePlus has lost it.Overall Rating: 8.5/10\n', "\nI love itI got a screen on time of 6hrs in my first charge itself, battery life will only improve from here and my other concern was the camera, I was pleasantly surprised here it's a good camera but you have to adjust your expectations it's not pixel or p30pro good, in good light you can take some very detailed images , everything else it just works and it's no small thing , the whole experience of using this phone feels refined. I'll list out some pros and cons as wellPros1. Display is awesome and the curve is not bothering me at all2. The speakers get plenty loud and sound pretty good for a smartphone speaker3. It didn't feel too heavy to me and I enjoy the big display4. Charging is really fast and so is the UI5. Main cameraCons1.Could have priced it a bit more competitively\n", "\nHi Team,I would like to bring this to your attention that the warp charger is charging really slow and not at all upto the mark. I am not sure if it has been changed during delivery or it was packaged like that. Although I am really happy with the phone's performance and battery life however the charger is not upto the mark. I charged my phone with my sister's dash charger and it charged my phone almost 3 times faster than warp charger.If possible, please pass it to the oneplus team or look into the delivery process.Thanks & Regards,Sahban khan\n", '\nMacro mode ?\n', '\n\xa01) No wireless headset provided,2) Very poor slow motion recording.it keeps on flickering even after recording.No support from Amazon team.\n', '\nGreat choice over S10 Plus.Amazing display and smooth experience with 90Hz refresh rate, which can only be experience while using.Battery gives more than 4 Hours of screen time with 90Hz.Superfast charging with WARP charger.Extremely fast and no log switching between apps and playing games.Outstanding camera which clicks quite decent pics in both day and night.Overall best phone from OnePlus till now. Worth purchase with no cons.\n', "\nOverall it's a average mobile,, not any special than 6t. I have got a damaged piece.. never expected this from amazon\n", '\nThere is no filter option in camera, even camera quality is really bad, night light camera is disaster. Phone speed is fine, battery not that strong.\n', '\nWorst phone not worth buying. Very bad launched by OnePlus..... Facing ghost issues and Amazon not taking it bay\n', '\nSlightly heavy to carry.. great buy with top of the line specifications.. excellent camera.. found it a bit slower than one plus 6 I used... perhaps improve with updates and AI..\n', '\nThe phone is great in terms of speed and smoothness but there is no headphone with the phone.- not even an adapter to use my old earphoneAfter spending 50K,I am unable to listen music with my phoneScreen and touch is awesomeSpeed is fastCamera is superbSound quality is good on speakerThere is little problem to listen directly from phone during call as there is full screen instead of earphoneIn this price range we expect it to be bit more - at least a decent earphone should have been added\n', "\nFirst of all i would like to thank Amazon for delivering the product right on time 5 out of 5.Now coming to the phone - This one is a beauty and the beast all together.Display - 10 out of 10Software - 9/10Build - 9/10Battery - 8/10Camera- 9/10Gaming - 10/10Premiumness - 10/10Value for money - 8/10The best flagship right now in the market.Now what i didn't like1. No earphones provided bcos for 50k phone earphones should y provided.2. A rugged protective case would have been welcome3. No type C converter provided.4. Battery life is average but fast charger makes life easy.\n", "\nI felt bad only on one thing regarding the delivery of the product..I ordered the product on 16th May in early sale for prime members and it was supposed to be deliver on next day 17th May 2019 before 9 pm. But I recieved the product in Monday 20th May only..it was such a very bad experience with Amazon Becz even though I was a prime customer I recieved the product very late.. I raised many issues and complaints within that date to get the product on time. I felt very bad about the delivery service of Amazon team..Note regarding the beast and flagship of 2K19.. we happy to buy one plus product again. I was already using one plus 6 for the last 8 months. Always the one plus is so fast and good in performance and built quality. The same and with more performance and balanced Battery back up in the new one plus 7 pro. The box itself was awesome. The phone build quality is remarkable. The display is the main highlight of the product such an awesome clarity and movie experience on the phone. The fast movement with 90hz is really awesome. Felt like new whenever I use the phone. Camera quality has been improved a lot. Day time the photos are awesome and the new nightscape is also good .. The front camera is better and fast. Overall I can give 8.5/10 for camera Becz there is still some lag in picture quality and the contrast of colours while taking a picture when compared to other flagship mobiles. Next the most fastest indisplay finger print is speechless.. no lag or no delay even in extreme dark.. happy that the one plus products are always awesome and they are continuously improving the products. The battery was little bit okay for me im getting just 5 hours of screen time only. But I Hope that the upcoming updates will improve the battery life. So I can give 8/10 for battery and 10/10 for performance. The animation is also awesome whenever we open the phone through finger print the live wallpaper is remarkable. Overall I'm very much happy to buy this awesome product only I felt little bad about the price and there was no connector for earphones. The price is not too high but I expected little less. Anyways this is the new beast of 2K19. Since I won't be playing that much games so I bought 6gb variant Becz last time I bought 8gb variant it will be even more faster but drains the battery fastly. So I decided to go on with 6gb. I recommend everyone to buy this flagship killer and those who will use the phone for more personal and normal use they can easily go with 6gb variant\n", "\nFastest Android phone on Earth!Samsung, Redmi, Apple, etc etc... Beware guys!Superb Amazon delivery services.Pros1. Lightening speed2. Good battery backup, moreover least charging time 50% in less than 25 minutes3. Good camera, specially nightmode and normal 4k videos4. Wide amoled screen, superb screen refresh rate, it's becomes a pleasure to watch videos using every mm of the screen since it is notchless5. Oxygen os is just awesome.6. Price - I cannot just praise a phone with these many features and then cry for high price. It is still way cheaper than Samsung Galaxy flagship phonesCons1. Camera in portrait mode isn't that sharp.2. I am not exactly aware of how the liquid cooling system works. Phone got hot a couple of times. But bearable heating.3. The curved screen isn't of any use. So no idea why OP has done this. Though the phone looks premium with it.4. No 3.5 jack. The only genuine complaint I have. I tried hard to find a good quality type c-3.5 mm connector. Otherwise one will always rely on Bluetooth headphones.Overall, a phone worthy of praise and purchase.\n", '\nHighly over priced\n', "\nIt's a great device I have been using it for a month now... believe me it's completely value for money...it's super snappy buttery smooth...yes it's a little heavier than usual...and battery life is not that good but why complain when u have warp charge it charges you device hell fast...and honestly u will get 24 hours of average battery life...it's great for gaming no heating issue pubg runs at highest graphics...and believe me 90hz refresh rate makes the gaming scrolling supper smooth...the display is great I'd say it's one of the best in the business 😁...AND PEOPLE U WON'T GET EARPHONES AND CAR WARP CHARGER WITH THIS AS SHOWN IN YOUTUBE THOSE ARE CREATOR'S BOX THEY ARE ONLY SENT TO BIG CONTENT CREATORS...yes they should have provided a 3.5mm to USB c connector but I bought a OnePlus bullet wired and it's fine u can also buy 3.5mm to USB c convertor from OnePlus official site it costs around 400rs...the fingerprint reader works great..THE CAMERA QUALITY WAS NOT GOOD AT 1ST BUT AFTER 2 UPDATES ITS GREAT...ITS ALSO SPLASH RESISTANT... maximum people are reviewing this after 2-3 days of use but the phone deserves 4 stars....watch YouTube reviewers like MKBHD, Dev2d, unbox therepy...AND OXYGEN OS IS CLOSE TO STOCK ANDROID AND NO BLOATWARE IS LOADED IT WILL WORKTHE SAME SNAPPY AND SMOOTH EVEN AFTER 2-5 YEARS...the pop up camera has free fall detection which is great it closes once the phone slips from your hand...it's has UFS 3.0 storage the first in the world which makes it faster than all the phones and games also load super fast...it also contains first FLUID AMOLED DISPLAY...JUST BUY IT... IT'S GREAT PHONE.. THANK YOU\n", "\nI'm using this phone since past 3 days. So, here goes:1. Great display. The curved edges and no-notch display is a great head turner. The large screen makes browsing a great experience.2. Smooth UI. No bloatware whatsoever. No nagging notifications. Very smooth and highly customizable UI.3. Decent Camera. I am not much of a shutterbug. But the snaps I clicked were fantastic. Maybe photography enthusiasts will be able to give a better review on this aspect.4. Nice battery life. Easily lasted 1 and a half day with full charge. And the warp charge is a beaut.5. A little heavy. But we can get used to it.\n", '\nAwesome premium end deviceNot for everyoneProsDisplay is the standout feature,better than my ipad2018, better than s10 plus at affordable pricePhone is sleekTriple camera just take beautiful picturesFront pop is the next gen camera for full screenCharging is faster than dash charging omgLooks 100/100Must buy good cover phone is slipperyPop camera has free fall detection n works excellentIts a big 6.67 phone not for small hand usersIts touch ,day to day use  is so fast,smooth and responsive thank you once again for your new deviceTrue oneplus fan ,and proud owner of OnePlusCons :Nothing much as of now will update review after monthPhone has outplayed samsung and close to apple but half the price of apple\n', '\n1st biggest problem- FINGER PRINT SCANNER - my friend can open this phone by using his finger print with registering his fingerprint in this phone ...not even one time..more than 10 times he opened infornt of me...which is unexpected...we are using our finger print for all type of transaction....this type of security glith is not acceptable from oneplus(flagship killer).2nd issue- 90HZ DISPLAY- not worth...display flickers sometime after changing to 90hz...in this 8 days more than 15 times i faced hanging/lagging  issue.3rd issue- AUTO BRIGHTNESS  is not at all working properly.4th issue- this type of CAMERA u can get in 15k phones.5th issue- SCRREN GUARD- After paying 53k ,i didnt expect this type of screen guard...in 2 days,it came out.PHONE IS SO BIG AND HEAVY....53K Iz too much for this type of family.\n', '\nAmazing phone with lots of improvement over 6t.. definitely a worthy purchase.. also i loved the wide angle camera a lot,although camera needs an improvement..amazing display and 90hz refresh rate is so damn smooth and screen quality is so damn good easily comparable with Samsung s10..overall i loved that feel and smoothness..I Love you one plus.. 💓\n', '\n24x7 mobile is very hot.cant even hold in handAlso battery dries very fast\n', "\nThe purchase and delivery was excellentNow about product, the camera is awesome, the performance is great..I haven't used any other night end phone like Samsung and iphone to compare this with those. But I like the OnePlus phone so far\n", "\n\xa0From day one it gives problems.Hang, from last 3 hours it's showing restarting.Many basic apps crash like google chrome and WhatsApp. even its own camera hangs many timevoice problem during loudspeaker.  10k to 12k phone is much better than this oneI am suggesting you don't buy this product. its wastage of money\n", "\nI received a faulty phone, network and WiFi connection goes on and off automatically. And When I called Amazon they said first their technician will check in next 3 days and after that replacement process will go on till that I have to wait, don't knw how long it going to take 😠😠😠I used it for two days and noticably Battery and camera performance is poor not a flagship level of course.\n", '\nI have been an Iphone user ever since Iphone was launched, i tried phones but could not even hold on to anyother for more than 3-4 days.With op7pro has done an awesome work.Camera, screen and typing is as good as iphone even better in camera.5 star.\n', "\nI'm Very Impressive 7pro Display.. Really Very Cool... Display Finger Print much Improvement & Very Fast Previous 6T.. Sound Out put Really Good Previous One Plus device.. Triple Camera Setup is Very Interesting..& Front Camera Is motorised Pop up Selfie .. really Very Good & Big Device...6.7 inch QHD display & 90 hz ..but missing Headfone Jack this disappointing..No hesitation really oneplus 7 Pro Buyare go and buy this mobile...\n", "\nPoint1.Fast and buttery smoot- its so fast and smooth that you can hardly tell its opening the simple application or resuming it from ram.2.Display - 90hz display with FHD+ resolution will spoil you, it will literally make u swipe up n down without any reason.3.Speaker - Good stereo speakers will enhance your media consumption experience.4.Battery - Getting good battery life , on an avg 7 hrs SOT with gaming abt 3hrs.5.Weight n size - Size doesn't bother me n yeah its lil heavy however i guess i ll get use to it.- one downside it that if u drop it prone to break due to its heavness.6.IP rating - Not n issue, its tested by manu YouTuber ,i.e it can survive lil water and anyway no company gives you warranty against water damage.7.WI-fi - Geting the speed ISP provide. So no issue.8. Wireless charging - Fast charging is enough.9.Camera - Decent not as good as pixel. Can improve with gcam .This is the area one plus needs to improve.10.No headphone jack- really missing that , i hv Bluetooth earphone but in gameplay u need wired headset or else it gt lilbit delay via Bluetooth so bought a dongle n getting use to it.11.Anything extra will incurred the cost also so at this price point all acceptable.All points are mentioned are according to personal my experience n views.\n", "\n\xa0I got this phone on 3rd June and just within a week's time I am facing battery related issues.Do not rush into buying this phone, wait for a while more and ask other OnePlus users if they are facing the same issues.  Maybe I got a defected piece . They even refused for a replacement. All they did was a 5 minute video check where in if the phone battery drops then 5% they replace else they dont.Just go through the video and you shall understand the entire scenario.Feel as if 50k wasted.\n", '\nI have been using this phone for last 2 days and must say that it is the beast (not just best) among the premium phones.The speed with which the page opens with your fingerprint and apps switches happen, the clarity and quality of the videos and the ultra loud but crystal clear speaker sound can beat many phones of better range any day. You can bet on it. The Samsung S series like curves at vertical edges of 6.67" large screen and no bezels gives the phone very rich looks. By far the best OnePlus till date.The 4000 mAH battery lasts throughout the day with more than average screen time but the charging is again super quick (30 to 100% in less than 20 mins)Using gestures feels awesome and gives more screen space on already a very large screen.Camera is still under testing so no comments, however initial pictures looks very good.So for a new phone I rate it 5. Let\'s see & review it\'s performance after 3-4 months into use\n', "\nI received a new OnePlus 7 Pro just yesterday, and when I tried to add both my sim cards in it, I found out the second sim slot was too small to add even a nano SIM card.After spending a day going from one shop to another to have my sim cut and everyone saying it was too small already, I found someone with the same phone, and they opened their sim card tray and said mine was defective.What kind of pathetic service is this?!This has not only made me not want to shop for anything on Amazon, but also has made me hate the brand OnePlus.OnePlus's call centers are also not customer friendly.I recommend people not to buy this or any OnePlus device, because in such a situation you'll eaither be phoneless (during the period Amazon replaces it) or you'll have wasted such a huge amount on a defective phone, with no help from OnePlus.\n", "\nTime for a 7 pro review, I have used for 14 days now, so after using this giving review. Let me tell you one plus 7 pro is the worlds first fastest phone. 7 pro gives you premium feel, display is unbeatable, look wise this is the most beautiful, sexiest beast till date. There are many Indian you tuber spreading negative reviews of this phone but I tell you if you really wanna decide by review then watch out side Indian you tuber videoes. Yes price of this on high side as compared to oppo Reno, redmi k20 pro but you have to decide if you want to save extra 6k to 8k or you want a premium feel of a smartphone. If yes this phone is for you, if you really want to save money then you can go for 6gb variant also comes with same features, but nebula blue is still sexiest colour. Camera is also damm good, battery life is also good, performance is best. I was one plus 5t user before having this phone so performance wise one plus is best, just go for 7 pro rather than oppo Reno or redmi k20 pro, I bet you 7 pro is the worth buy. You won't regret after buying this beast. This is the world's first fastest, sexiest phone. Just go for it....\n", "\nNo doubt regarding the phone's performance. However, the pre-applied screen protector is filled with bubbles and dust particles and seems like someone unprofessional has been applying these! I request you to please look into it and provide me with a possible solution as it has totally ruined the experience of owning a flagship and getting this kind of service!\n", "\nFor one I really do like the phone...coming to details the fingerprint reader is a tiny bit slow...but it has numerous unlocking options that work simultaneously...facelock is good...zone / location based is a good feature(though it's not new) overall fingerprint does not make that much an impact.Speed is good.For screen it's very good but for a gamer the buttons on the boundaries do make it a bit difficult to operate but once you get used to it it's ok.Rear camera is very good can't say it's excellent. Front camera should have had more resolution and lighting option.Battery is good for a workhorse like this if you are a gamer expect 40% remaining battery by 3 pm. But the charger is way damn good in 20 min you are back to 90%...Headphones should have been provided, but I use wireless anyways...Tempered Screen protector should have come preapplied instead of the plastic one. mine is developing wrinkles because of gaming...OnePlus phones offer lots of customisation option if one needs and knows how....have seen lots of people not using customisation at all.Overall it's a good phone and a welcome change.\n", "\nPhone became dead on the 11th day after purchase. Amazon has asked me to contact manufacturer. Let's see how things work out.\n", "\nAmazing phone. It was difficult for me even to think of shifting from Samsung. But since Samsung gave me a terrible phone through S9, decided to try one plus 7 pro.Superb performance.Gives me 24 hours battery. I do not play games on phone. But have a lot of calls. 200 plus everyday and many on Bluetooth. Even then by end of day 20 pc charge is left. The charger is very fast.Camera- superb. See the images. Some people said night photos are not good. See the quality of night pic I took.A bit heavy. But that's ok.Overall very happy\n", "\nIt's worth the price. Yeah camera performance should be improved. Battery life for 90 Hertz refresh rate is not bad. Fingerprint sensor is faster than 6T.What I observed from people rating is they are disappointed because OnePlus didn't include type-c to 3.5mm cable and earphones because of high price.I think because of customers disappointment rating going down. OnePlus should think on it and should get back customers satisfaction.Overall phone performance will never disappoint you. Should include basic accessories to satisfy the customers.\n", "\n'One plus 7 pro fast, smooth and effortlessly powerful' as mentioned, or did the phone failed to live the hype. I am among those first mortals who got a chance to laid hands on this beautiful peice of technology and below are my findings after a week of use.Pros:1: Display- One of the bet that really paid off is the new edge to edge display in this phone, no bezels, no notch on the screen mean more screen to body ratio which looks quite stunning. However I am not facinated about the full screen display, I mean, yeah it's great but you can find this kinda tech in many sub premium phones available out there. The big surprise this time is the bump in resolution, the phone now sports a  6.67 Inch, 2K+ resolution OLED Display which was long needed since screen to body ratio has increased reasonably since One plus 3t and given the price tag. Another +ve side is fluid AMOLED with 90hz refresh rate, it's not cosmetic and I can say that because I am using a oneplus 3t along side this phone and I can easily see the difference in the screen response in 7pro, the animations are silky smooth, fast and flawless. Also another unique trait is this screen has got side edge display as like Samsung's edge series. All in all the display ticks all the boxes, no questions.2- Memory and storage: I am using a 12 GB ram n 256 GB rom version, given the amount of ram multitasking glitches are the things of past. I tested it's performance by parallely running nfs, pubg, asphalt nitro, clash of clans without any hiccups where as 3t faces some issues, thus heavy performance apps can run smoothly as the phone can take that all easily. Also 256 GB storage is enough to store images, vedios and files etc, given that we are living in cloud era.3 Speed: Speed has always been a trump card for oneplus  phones, and it's the imperative reason of it's existence. Even my 2 years old oneplus 3t never showed any noticeable lagg and 7 pro is no exception. Also this time the company has introduced liquid cooling to address over heating issues faced by early oneplus phones, however I still found some heating issue while playing multiple performance games but in normal day to day use it's just ok. This beast takes all performance load with ease, so stay relaxed this phone won't let you down.Cons:1: Camera: There is marginal improvement in the camera department from 6t but I didn't found anything much as mentioned in ads, I compared the shots with my friend's shots takes by s10+ and the later one stands out in terms of quality and wide view angle. S10+ camera on paper is low on megapixels but does better justice than one plus. Night pics are a slight better I can say, else Samsung's done a good job here.2 - Pop up front camera: This point may not appease to all the readers but I am not a fan of machanized camera. Even oneplus suggest not to use face unlock much. There is also another clever peice of tech here by oneplus, if accidentally the phone drops out of your grip while the the front camera is still out, the phone will automatically detect the fall by using the inbuilt gyroscope and immediately pops the camera inside even before the phone touches the ground. However given all these corks and screwes, I still doubt the front camera may show signs of break downs in the long run.3- Missing headphone jack- While there are few people complaining about missing headphone jack, I personally don't feel it's a loss as I rarely use wired earphones and also I noticed most of my friends too use Bluetooth earphones. Wired earphones are the things of the past, get yourself a pair of good Bluetooth earphones and bingo! u won't miss the jack anymore.4- Finger print scanner- Strangely the inscreen finger print scanner some time fail to recognize if you fingers are slightly moist due to sweat.Summary- Bit pricey when compared to the recently launched oneplus 7, but in terms of features and looks it's leagues ahead not just from it's own siblings but with most of the competitions as well.\n", '\n#Stunned #Awesome# Super thrilledApril 2014.. The One plus silently entered the market and making a small ripples ..No one ever expected that it sweeps as Tsunami. I still remember the day when I bought the One Plus One. Happily showing to people about the greatest product . Sadly at that time no one aware about the phone but now we all know who is the real beastSlowly and steadily the brand was reaching all over .The word “The Flagship Killer” literally killing the people all over. No one ever expected that it will capture the market just like that.From One plus we had more market players all were trying to reach the level of One Plus sadly the truth no one reached to it and still it holds the position.After One Plus one I was like missing the opportunity of moving to the next phone.. But my One Plus one was scoring so good so I didn’t feel for the next one..Time moves.. Used other products so called copycat of the Flag Ship Killer phones none were like my One Plus one. Something or other was missing.Now I don’t want to lose the opportunity so I banged on the first day and booked the “ The Real Flagship Killer” One Plus 7 Pro 8GB 256 storage.Now my Beast in Power on Mode and will Unleash soon… Will come back soon with my next review of Pictures and Performance and all ..\n', "\nToday I received the parcel intact.The parcel contained only the phone and it's charger.There was no ear phone, operation manual,I find in a youtube regarding one plus 7 box containing earphone, operating manual,two type of mob.cover.(color choice).I would like to know the reason for the missing item.Please respond.\n", "\nFirstly, it's a review after 2 days of use. And what's not to like about this phone.If you're here then you already know the specs and I don't need to reiterate it. Its a beast, a killer phone.Things you'll love:1. Best camera performance.2. Amazing display (90 hz refresh rate and probably the brightest screen in the market)3. Super fast speed.4. Stereo speakers.5. Warp charge is amazingly fast (0 to 100% in 1 hr)6. An AnTuTu score of 367202. Beating 93% of all other phones out there.7. Price (at this price range you can't find a premium phone like this one)Things you'll miss:1. 3.5mm jack2. Battery performance (max 6 hr screen on time) but with the warp charge battery never bothers me.That's it.You will love every bit of it.\n", "\nMy 3rd OnePlus and had a bit of additional hope from this model. Though not completely disappointed below are few observations after using this phone for few days.1. Too heavy for a phone compared with the other similar or near similar models.2. For some reason I don't see the battery is a winner.3. I do not play games. But apps like Amazon, Flipkart and few others have few seconds lag while opening it. So not sure if it is my phone or all have this issue.4. Camera is OK compared to other similar models available5. Instances of heating while browsing for a bit long. Clueless why5. Wrap charger and Dash Charger. Don't see any major difference. May be some technically, but as an user I personally don't see any huge difference.Finally the best thing happened is with mobile signal. It has improved a lot and I am happy that as a phone 7pro is doing a great job.\n", "\nAwesome product. Bought it despite of all criticism. Happy with my decision. When you are a tough competitor than people starts hating you, that's common. Display and performance are the benchmarks. Camera too is doing well with the latest updates, that's what i love most about the OnePlus, they listen to their community and keep you updated from all bugs. It's not light weight so if you are a skinny guy then forget about it or else go for it. Best phone under 50k. If you found it helpful then no need to smash the like button, you just go for this beast. Peace out\n", '\nHighly satisfied with this mobile. You might have to adjust for a day or 2 with the weight and the size of the phone but eventually you will love OnePlus7 Pro. I had used Android , Apple and OnePLus earlier but the touch of OnePlus 7 Pro is sublime, out of the world. Popping up of front camera feels kind of creepy initially but you will get used to it quickly. After a month of struggle of selection between iPhoneXR and OnePlus 7 Pro i made the decision to buy OnePlus 7 Pro and am really happy with the result. Go for it, do not think.\n', '\nMy previously used few mobiles - Galaxy S7,S8,Note 8,Note 9....This time i have decided to go with one plus for first time, and belive me,it was a fantastic decesion.Previously i am avoiding other mobile brands ,only for displays.But this time one plus hitted a bulls-eye.Thanks to great display.I am amongst first few members to buy this master piece,as soon as it has launched and i have taken full 20 days to evaluate this mobile to write this review.As promised,delivery of mobile was superquick by Amazon.I have received this mobile,even before it was released for regular customers,and available on retail outlets.Thanks to Amazon.This mobile is overall a very good package. Display of this mobile is fantastic,with crisp and clear pictures.Though samsung displays are little bit superior,but margin is very narrow and for day today work,margin is absolutely nil.This displays donot oversaturate the images and pictures.Battery life is fantastic and last for entire day easily with heavy use on 60 hz QHD setting.On 90 hz it is little less.Battery life is definately far far better compaired to my Note 9.Camera quality needs some improvements, but i am sure that one plus will definately rectify it in upcoming updates.Already,a update from one plus has improved camera performance drastically.Mobile is little overweight and big to handle for average sized hand people,but it is matter of just getting "used to it".Once you get used to it,you will definately enjoy using this mobile and watching movies on it.Sound quality is crispy clear and battery backup is also very good,even if you use blutooth headsets.Fingerprint reader is fast but still needs some improvement...SD 855 Processor is superfast.No need to review it,as this is fastest amongst all mobiles,i have used in past.UI is very good,and you can adjust it according to your needs.WRAP charging is fantastic.You will get decent battery charge within 15 min of charging this mobile in emergency situations,though it will not be required in day today practice,as battery backup is fantastic for mod-heavy users,as stated earlier.I my opinion,compairing price to performance ratio,this moble is the best mobile to buy to date.So "JUST GO FOR IT".Now ,I became a proud fan of one plus.\n', "\nThis is a review after a month usage:Pros:Display- 5+/5Camera 4.5/5Touch-4.7/5Battery-4/5Fast changing- 5+/5😜Fingerprint sensor: 5Now coming to the in-depth review, first thing was the Display: Which I noticed when I opened the package and switched on the phone was the built in wallpaper animation and that's when I immediately noticed the 90 hz fluid AMOLED display's awesomeness 😍😍. Then the next time was while playing pubg, it's graphics was simply awesome😍. Then again the third time I fell in love was during the display setting when we can manually tune the display colours. And I really longed for a curved edge display phone for a long time and all these features put together felt awesome.Camera: At first, I was very sceptic about it as there were bad reviews swarming around camera😅. Then immediately the phone was demanding me to update it which I eventually did , which was around 2 gb. And then I took a few picture in artificial lighting with fingers crossed but it was fine. Then post that I thought the camera was not up to the mark😵. But to my surprise it was me who was the culprit 😜 and this came to light when I took some pictures during daylight, also I'm new to the triple camera setup so I was the one to be blamed for and not the phone, then as I got a hold of it the, picture quality was getting better and better 😍. So now I can say it has a pretty decent quality 😉 though it's not in comparison with other flagships out there I'm really happy with it's images also the 3x zoom feature will shock you as there is no loss in the image quality. Portrait mode is awesome but you will have to get used to it, selfie camera is also awesome, which also gives you awesome images 😍. Gaming: I'm not s hard core gamer at least in Mobile , since this device has pretty hardware built for games I thought of giving it a try, and to my surprise I fell for it at the login screen as the animations were so pleasing to the eyes 😍 and during the game play there was no frame drops and the gameplay was pretty smooth 👍Battery: since it's a heavy 4k mAh battery I thought it would last for a more than a day on heavy usage, but it's not so coz of increased resolution and refresh rate, it drains the battery a lot especially during heavy usage, but if we are not using it much the battery easily lasts for 1.5 days, plus the Warp charging, just shatters your perspective about charging, coz it charges three device  from 10-100 in shy of 80 mins which is mind blowing.Finger print scanner is one of the plus for this device coz it's blazingly fast when compared to it's competitors 👍😍Oxygen Os: I'm a first time user and to me this interface is just as smooth as butter, the feel, the response,90hz refresh rate, vibrant Display all together is simply awesome. No lags so far. Will update this in coming months.Only con was the ear phone jack , but that can be resolved using a USB c to 3.5 converters , I used ptron adapter which is amazing and you can also charge and connect to earphones at the same time 😅.I guess that's it for now will update on near future, if you're planning to buy this you can blindly go for it and won't regret 👍\n", '\nWhy just Unlock Speed when you can Go Beyond Speed.My New One Plus 7 Pro!!!The OnePlus 7 Pro\'s camera, performance, and price make it the go-to premium Android phone of 2019.Overall, the phone looks fantastic. The display is razor-sharp and thanks to the pop-up camera, it\'s all screen; there\'s no cutout tab or teardrop notch or "hole punch" dot.Pros:Notch less DisplayRAM BoostQualcomm SDM855Memory (Up to 12 GB)Primary CameraFront Pop-Up CameraBattery (4000 MAH)Warp ChargingFingerprint (under display)90 Hertz Refresh RateCons:ExpensiveWireless Charging3.5 mm jackNo IP Rating (Dust/Waterproof)By Saikanth Krishna\n', '\nI use 4 finger claw for Pubg and at random times the screen glitches for no particular reason. There are glitches of different type:1. Sometimes the place where my buttons are on screen, they get clicked even when my fingers are no where near it.2. Sometimes I have to have a finger tapping on the middle of the screen otherwise the buttons at the top left edges wont activate no matter how many times I tap.3. Sometimes buttons wont work all together.All these glitches happen at random. Sometimes the phone will be working fine and other times it just goes to hell. So playing competitive for which I bought such an expensive phone is defeated.Pros:Camera.Dunno, failed almost all my expectations.Cons:Pop up camera.Refer Pros.With no apps running in background and only wifi on 24x7 and no one using the phone, the battery last 2-2.5 days...with no usage. If you are using the phone with something like wifi or data or location (any one, never-mind two of these) on at all times, you are looking at at least one time charging the phone at eveningSincerely Disappointed,One plus user.\n', "\nI was so confused in between S10+ and OP7 Pro because i was worried about weight and camera but both are excellent. I am glad that i opted OnePlus7 Pro. The moment i turned on the display i was simply amazed by its quality, seriously it's just pleasure to eyes to watch and feel this display.Other than this performance, camera, OS, and premium look of Nebula blue all are just amazing.Go for it and trust me you not gonna regret it.\n", '\nThe mobile received on 14th of August and the screen started flickering on 20th September. The service centers declared that liquid damage is the reason and the cost will be 17000.00. Now, how can a person prove that it was not dip on water and its already water splash proof as declared on amazon. Very poor service and will not recommend for one+ series.\n', '\n"WHICH PHONE SHOULD I BUY?" Will be the common question of everyone today who are planning for the premium smartphone, especially with Snapdragon 855 Chipset.I think many of them have already written a detailed review of this product, OnePlus 7 Pro. But in this review, I want to focus on one issue of the current people, "WHICH PREMIUM PHONE SHOULD I BUY?"Because earlier, it was a very easy task to judge the best, flagship, worthy premium smartphone - OnePlus. But now, it appears very difficult to select the best flagship smartphone. Because now we have so many options like S10, Note 10, K20, etc. to select. And even I was totally confused. But after buying and researching many premium phones, I am concluding things in this review.So now let us start to compare almost each and every premium smartphone with this OnePlus 7 Pro smartphone so that it will be helpful for you to buy the right smartphone.1) Samsung Note 10: Priced at 70000, less battery capacity, less powerful processor, smaller screen, no 90-hertz screen smoothness, no Quad-HD. So here OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner. You can choose this Samsung Note 10, only if your preference is a compact smartphone with S-Pen. Or else, please buy OnePlus 7 Pro itself.2) Samsung Note 10 Plus: Priced at 80000 (oh my God), performs less powerfully with Exynos chipset when compared to OnePlus 7 Pro\'s Snapdragon 855 processor. I don\'t know why Samsung doesn\'t provide Snapdragon chipsets for few countries for S series premium smartphones, even after charging 80k. And still same display - no 90-hertz smooth screen. And one more funniest thing, no 100% display. I mean, still, they are providing punch-hole selfie camera on the main display, whereas pop-up selfies are provided by other brands at just Rs.15,000 now. Come on Samsung! Even after charging 80,000, no pop-up camera? Kidding? So according to me, here also the clear winner is OnePlus 7 Pro. If your preference is S-Pen alone with the latest premium smartphone from Samsung brand, please go for this and pour your hard-earned money.3) Redmi K20 Pro: I have used this. By paying 33k you will be hit continuously by MI dirty ads, for a poor quality AMOLED display. I hated this. No way match even for OnePlus 7. I can clearly tell that this can\'t even beat OnePlus older smartphones. Xiaomi should realize that customers are paying money for what they are providing. Earlier the scenario was different. Only MI smartphones were very much budget-friendly and ads were accepted (that too by some people). But now, showing ads is like totally killing themselves. OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner here too. And I really don\'t see any good reasons why people should opt for Xiaomi phones anymore. Until they stop ads and spoil kids, I don\'t recommend MI phones to anyone anymore.4) Oppo Reno: I have used this too. Earlier I used to think that all AMOLED screens will be great. Because earlier, there were just Samsung and OnePlus to provide commonly AMOLED screens. But I learned from Redmi K20 and Oppo guys, that all AMOLED screens are not the same. These screens can never match even Samsung\'s entry-level smartphones\' AMOLED display nor they can match OnePlus older versions\' AMOLED displays. And moreover, what I really hated much was ColourOS UI of Oppo. My god! It is horrible I felt. According to me, here also OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner though Reno also uses Snapdragon 855 processor. Choose this only if your preference is high zooming of your rear-camera. Because Oppo Reno has 10x zoom while OnePlus 7 Pro\'s has just 3x camera zoom.5) Black Shark 2: In this 100% display era, MI, along with popping ads, is again lacking to provide the full display. This is a smartphone of having infinity display like OnePlus 5T or Samsung S8 and S9 series. So here also the clear winner is OnePlus 7 Pro. Again, I don\'t see any good reasons to go for this smartphone.6) Asus 6z: This smartphone has failed to provide the AMOLED display in spite of being categorized as a premium phone. Very surprising. This itself enough to lose the competition I guess and OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner here too. If the price is the only criteria, one can choose this unique revolving camera smartphone.7) Samsung S10: Again, I don\'t think it is good to pay a huge amount (61,900) for a smartphone with no 100% display in this era. So the winner here also is OnePlus 7 Pro. If a compact powerful phone is what you want, one can go for this.8) Samsung S10 Plus: Same goes here. My god...Samsung\'s pricings are too much I feel when compared to OnePlus 7 Pro. So the winner here also is OnePlus 7 Pro. If superb camera quality is the only needed factor, one can go for this Samsung S10 Plus.9) Huawei P30 Pro: It is a known fact that Huawei and its sibling Honor was banned by the US for spying. And Android itself was expected to be killed on these phones. Though the ban is lifted for time being, it is not certain that the ban-lift will be permanent or temporary. So why should one risk in investing a huge amount on this brand? So I feel time waste in researching these brand\'s smartphones. So I prefer OnePlus 7 Pro only here also.10) Honor View 20: Same 9th point goes here.11) Huawei Mate 20 Pro: Same 9th point goes here.12) Google Pixels: Again, the Samsung theory goes here. When the era is of 100% displays, punch-hole cameras, infinity displays, notch displays, waterdrop displays, etc. are all meaningless I feel. So my choice is OnePlus 7 Pro without any doubts.So after researching and trying everything, I strongly feel that currently, OnePlus 7 Pro is the only model which can be trusted and you get more than what you pay.Frankly speaking, initially, when OnePlus launched this 7 Pro smartphone, I was disappointed by considering the price factor and the smartphone\'s size factor also. But now after using for a few days, that too after trying all other brands, I am really feeling that this OnePlus 7 Pro is worth for every penny you pay. Even the phone is NOT BULKY IF YOU USE A RIGHT SLIM CASE.The display itself mind-blowing and everything provided in the package is very, very powerful. All the three colors are beautiful - mirror grey, almond white, and nebula blue. Chose whichever you want. And feel free to submit questions to me. I will try to answer.\n', '\nI have buy this phone on the first when it come on amazon for sale. but after comparing this oneplus 7 pro camera with old oneplus 6 and oneplus 6t they have much batter camera then this op7 pro. but they are avalabile in 32999/- and i have spent 53000/- almost 20000 for this phone but i am not happy with this phone camera.i cant return this product because i have purchase this phone on bajaj emi. but now i am feeling cheated by oneplus india.\n', '\nFirst of all i m using ONE PLUS for the first time. The phone performance is mind blowing, no lag nothing at all.🖥️The Display is so awesome, u will fall in love with it. 😍😍📷 Camera is gud bt still it requires improvement in my view🔋 Battery is Good, i think due to big screen it consume battery a little faster, bt after updates it will be fixed definitely..🎮Game lover Go for it no doubt..And dont think for negative review. I dont knw why people are so stupid.. 😂\n', '\nNever buy this product or anything from oneplus within 8 days this phone is not working because of just little rain and now company is asking me to pay 41000 to repair it. The Chinese companies are only to loot Indian people.\n', '\nOverall Beast as everyone says!! but few things i have noticed after usage since a week..firstly i wud say RAM is being used drastically.. just for normal usage it wud consume approx 5 to 6 GB RAM without any reason.. i dunno how does that processing work at all...and battery is drastically draining since 2 days.. earlier 5 days were EPIC.. now i really do not understand what the problem is.. as the usage is same as before. planning to get it replaced but wat if it works the same!!!Camera app is not at all good. thy really need to upgrade their software to match the market level phones like pixel and nokia.Overall little disappointed with 12 GB Beast phone... Expectations were high but lets hope for the best for further usage..EDIT :  After 20plus days of usage and 2 updates working really fine and battery issue also resolved with some apps management. Now battery works upto 36 to 48 hrs for one single charge. Will update more once after i use it liitle extensively for few more days... Stay tuned!\n', "\nThe blue beast.Everything is great.They should have included the the headfone adapter.Stop complaining about the weight even iphone xs max weighs 208 gms.Night scape mode in this phone is just superb. Better than iphone or galaxy s10 plus.And this phone is a performance monster.Chose this phone over galaxy s10 plus and I have zero regrets.Go for it and you'll not regret.\n", "\nGood points:1) quality feels premium while holding it in hand2) Superb sound quality and clarity3) Awesome display to look at4) Warp charging is much more faster than Dash charging  + battery retention time is average5) 90Hz barely makes a difference as compared to OnePlus 3 I used before this. But yes, Its indeed much more refined and smooth(still doesn't justify the price tag)Bad Points:1) The camera although takes awesome pictures, but it does get blurred while zooming and viewing the pic from gallery2) The pop up mechanism makes mechanical sound while switching on/off. At this price, it bothered me. It could have been seamless.3) Bit heavy and huge. Gives a feeling of nervousness while holding it without any case(as its made of glass body)4) front camera is average. Similar to OnePlus 5T I would say(not much difference)\n", "\nNever purchase from amazon, mostly products are defective and mostly there is no refund/exchange also. Instead purchase from one plus store. Be cautioud, i'm the victim, i don't others to be.\n", "\nBought this device a month ago and during first couple of days the phone was overheating while charging. Within a few days, one plus rolled out an update and after that the issue was resolved. Speaking about the pros I would say the phone justifies its price. The look and feel of the phone is truly elegant and no words for its sleekness. Some people may find it a bit bigger, but when you are in love with tech and ready to shell out 50k on a phone, these issues are negligible.Secondly, the display is sheer beauty. It's crisp and bright, and the difference is visible!I don't use the phone like a maniac, hence I get a full day backup on a single charge. And even if you are a heavy user, still a 15 minute charge is more than enough to keep you going for next couple of hours.The sound quality is also very good, thanks to Dolby Atmos.RAM management doesn't need any discussion. One plus phones are already prominent for their RAM management.Camera quality was initially on the lower side, but one plus has rolled out an update for that and, since, the camera quality has improved a lot.Lastly, the bigger screen paves way for a comfortable gaming experience.And now about the cons:The fingerprint scanner is a bit slow than the physical scanner, but the AI will get used to your fingerprints and overtime it will automatically improve. (Faced this issue was initially, but now it is quick as a Ferrari)Absence of headphone jack means shelling out extra cash for wireless headphones.No LED notification light. You have to check your phone so as to ensure you have not missed out on something.I am not a professional reviewer but I have tried my best to include my overall experience with the phone.Conclusion: One plus has, no doubt, used 'cream of the crop' ingredients to make this beautiful piece of tech. I don't have any regrets for upgrading from OnePlus 6. After all, you have to loose certain things to gain a better one!Peace.\n", '\nOverall nice phone.I bought it because I wanted a notch less and fully bazelless phone so I am happy with it though it slightly big.I personally recommend OnePlus 7 because of these reasons:-1. You can save 20 thousand rupees for same features.2. Size of the phone is more suitable and handy. OnePlus 7 pro has awkward and uncomfortable size.3. Its too heavy your wrist starts to fall when continuous usage.4.Pop up camera seems good but not reliable for long run.5. Warp charging is just a hype It takes more than 2 hours to fully charge.Some good things because of them I bought it.1. Best display with 90 Hz frame rate.2. Curved display.3. No notch.4. So basically I gave 20 thousand more for the sake of better or say best display in market right now.\n', "\nOnePlus 7 Pro is a mammoth.The closest competition - the dilemma was should I go for the pro and pay 53k or the standard version and be done within 35k or so. Both have the same heart and soul. However, a waterdrop camera is a weird prospect. That, and only that made me choose the Pro. But when I got the Pro, I realised that the screen that came with it was just fabulous. I have never seen something like this and I will not see this in any other phone this year.The real flagship - Now that I am ready to shell 53k, it made sense to rather weigh the alternatives. S10 is the obvious answer but that punch hole is a turnoff for me. And again of all the features that S10 has that the OnePlus 7 Pro lacks, headphone jack is the only one I miss. Oh, and did I tell you about the screen on the Pro.... It's gorgeous!The backroom - I have always believed that a product is a reflection of how the company thinks. Behind every great product is a group with high standard of ethics, skills and the never settle attitude. Beside Apple, I have found that in this time (June 2019) companies like OnePlus and Honor (Huawei) are frontrunners in their products as well as their vision. So go for their products. Honor does have better camera.The new OnePlus 7 Pro lacks in camera. It's the only area it lacks in. But I see promise in the brand and future updates will make it better. I believe it. The battery drains faster when you play video games or watch videos. I found my screen on time to be close to 5.5 hrs with 16% battery remaining. 20% of the time was spent on PUBG, 15% on Google Play services and a combined 20%+ on videos. I found it quite underwhelming. However, once you take a break from your phone and go for lunch or a bath, you will be surprised to see how fact it charges. 0-100 in an hour. In fact plug it in for 15mins and you will see a 30% increase in charge.Everything else works like a charm. The fingerprint sensor is great. The first few times will be erratic but then it gets accustomed to the user. Works fine from there.The sound quality is almost great. It is loud but I wished that it was a tad bit better.The Oxygen OS is doing its job as we speak. It is so natural that you might not just feel that it's not stock Android. It's very close it the stock. And it's nothing extravagant. Oxygen OS is just right...Overall, rating hereBuild 9/10 just for the lack of official IP rating.Camera 7/10 I have taken better pics from phones that cost half. Pop up camera is good.Display 10/10 can't explain why. You need to see for yourself.Charging 9/10 This thing is a monster with Warp charger. And I don't need the wireless charging.Processor 9/10 Blazing fast. Took away a point because there is always room for improvement.Value for money 8/10 the phone is great but the camera could be better. As a user, I am very satisfied. I would rather hold OnePlus 7 Pro than the Samsung S10+.Nominating the Pro for the best smartphone of 2019.Enjoy your shopping!\n", "\nIt's okay okay Phone nothing so much extra ordinary about op7pro in 50 k plus budget. For me i have used Lg v30 plus . I find v30 plus had better features and technologies than this one. V30 plus comes with Wireless charging  ,IP68 rating, quadack headphone jack. In 4gb ram it runs fine i have played PUBG in it for year long and never ever it said restarted . I found divice is beat underrated. If you are planning for same features go for it. Now LG v30 plus comes in 25 k . May be you can plan buy LG V40 plus in latest in OP7PRO budget with better features .Phone start working on itself.Finger sensor works only if you press rightly and tightly fingerprint sensor sucks compare to other flagship phone I will not recommend OP7 Pro.Wasted 50k.\n", "\nIt's been a week since I bought the phone. This phone is one of the best Android phones in the market right now.Pros1) Display is the best aspect of this phone2) Performance is pretty good3) Fingerprint reader is very quick4) Dolby stereo speakers is really good5) One thing I noticed while playing Asphalt game for over an hour is that phone didn't get heated up too much6) Battery backup isn't bad. Warp charge helps in quick charging of the phone for extreme usage7) Response time of front camera is pretty goodCons1) Phone is a bit bigger2) No 3.0 mm audio jack which could have been compensated with bullets wireless earphones given the phone's cost3) Camera hardware might be really good but camera app certainly needs improvement. This is my opinion after comparing images taken with S10, S10+ and also given that OnePlus ran ads claiming OP 7 pro being used in multiple photoshootsThis phone is really worth the cost except for the camera app which I think will be improved with the upcoming updates.\n", "\nI brought it 5 days ago and lots of thinking between S10 then gone for this one. Sinse last 6 years I am using Samsung S series and still have my S8 as my secondary backup phone. No doubt the phone is good, fast, speedy, great display. I am not regret as its best value for money when hardware, performance and price considered. All these below points are just I dont like, there are lots of other things which I like as well.1. The phone is heavy and big. 207gram feels like a brick. If you fill-up a phone with features but still form factor is not practical use then this is a fail. UFS 3.0 storage only have write speed of 229MB/S, this is lower than some phones with UFS2.1 example: S10. The phone design is common and looks just like other Mi, Vivo Oppo phones. No X factor. In my view its a premium Chinese phone.2. Camera is a myth. Sony IMX586 is a failed and over hiped sensor in its era. Now a days used in mid range Chinese phones. I wish OnePlus should have skipped this one. If camera in a phone is your primary requirement then keep away from this. I love photography and have my DSLR for that so I dont trust any phone camera or that was not a concern for me. I have tested in all conditions and sorry to say this is a bad camera for a flagship. Front camera is good enough and I like it including its design. I recommed that please turn of scene recognition, auto HDR in camera settings menu to click at least some good pictures in day light. For night or dark light camara is good I believe. I assumed that the developer team put their entire efforts to bring a camera which can provide good photos in night and forget that we take most of the photos in day light. So those night calibrated auto settings will ruin your daylight photos. But still even if you try to get best shots, its far behind Apple and Samsung Cameras.3. Oxygen OS is good and fast I am using 1st time, but it doesn't have native apps like Email Client, Music Player, Payment App, Security App, Calendar, Contact, Phone Call and so many others. For all these it's depending on stock Android. Now you say whats a big deal? Apps are available in playstore for free to download. But I think those free application are comes with lots of advertisements, notification and even Google native apps track you for their add selling. I use yahoo mail, why I will pay yahoo 350 rupees monthly to use their email client. Another thing I noticed that Home bar doesn't auto hide during keyboard popup so I accidentally click the home key many times during type and suddenly go to home screen. That is a big drawback. The home bar should be hide during type. OnePlus please look that simple but very useful stuff.Rest assured, I also agree with others that its an insanely fast phone. Battery is best in class as per my use. This is a good phone and would be best if Oneplus taken care of some useful requirements. A great Display and good hardware will not certify a phone as a flagship. There are lots of other aspects need to be considered. This phone doesn't fulfilled my criteria of a flagship however personal choices may be different by individuals.\n", "\nHad the 6t before this and wanted to check this phone out for it's 90 hz display and QHD+ resolution. It turns out the hype is real and once you start using this display, it's hard to use the one on the 6t or any other phone (60 hz I believe). You can actually tell the difference.The all-screen no-notch display is excellent and with 516 ppi, the display is very sharp and the performance is super fast. (I got the 12/256 version).Although you can turn the display back to output 60hz, you'll get so used to the 90hz that you'll have a hard time adjusting.Got it on the Diwali offer on Amazon with quick and damage-free delivery.Don't really use the selfie camera much on any phone, so can't really comment on that. But it does help that it's hidden on top so that you get a notch-free display. Can't comment on the back camera either as I'm not really a big photo-taking person.Should you get the 7t Pro instead of this? It depends, if you just want the McLaren edition or the 855+ chipset. Otherwise, this is an amazing option as it released just four months before and at the current price for the maxed out 12/256 version, it makes a lot of sense that you go for this.\n", "\nI had purchased one Plus 7 pro 8 GB Almond color from Amazon based on a friend's suggestion but totally regret the purchase. I'm a new user for One Plus & previously owned Apple, Vivo,Letv, Coolpad, Samsung, Honor, Motorola,Xolo,etc.,never experienced such an awkward performance in those mobile's. Spending half a Lakh Indian rupees on this mobile the File manager videos file's takes time to load in order to open the same, While on call second call gets answered automatically, Both front & Back camera clarity are not up to the mark & there are lots of other issues while using the mobile I'm not at all happy using this device & feel like exploited for buying a premium range mobile with a basic mobile's performance. Need a solution for the same at the earliest.\n", "\nAmazing performance. Gamers are gonna love this phone. I can't believe how incredibly fast the fingerprint scanner is.When it comes to camera, no words can explain its potential. With the right knowledge of photography you can capture amazing shots. In the pro mode it provides great features where you can control the shutter speed, iso, manual focus. You can check it out in YouTube.Coming to the display its very smooth. You can only feel the difference when you have been using your phone for a couple of days and then try to use your old phone.Battery life is good. But not that great. The 90hz drains a lot of battery.Theres tons of other things that make this phone great. Or else why do you think I would be typing such a long review.So guys, if you have around 50k budget, trust me, this is the one.\n", "\nSeriously i bought this phone because i thought one plus is a true premium phone and one plus 7 pro would be a new flagship killer. Its been 2 weeks i have been this phone and started having problem with this.After the os update which one plus suggested 2 days back i have started having problems with this phone.During voice call other person voice is not clear always.Screen started hanging and many such small problems.Being such a premium smart phone manufacturer company i did not expect this issues from one plus.They always talk about the specifications and features but not about efficiency and reliability.Why such issues after every update.And i can not even see any difference after os update and update affected my phone's primary features.\n", "\n1. ScreenOMG. Use this Hulk once and you see all the other devices as tiny toddlers. Screen is the next Generation feature and it's absolute delight to watch youtube on this.2. Oxygen OSConfigurable. Sleek. Ease of use. It's addictive3. Top notch configWeather it's 12 GB RAM, 256 GB ROM or 30 htz Warm charging. It's top notch industry leading configuration. What more you will ask for?No wireless charging. No IP certification. Not required and no body cares.OnePlus becomes a market leader with this dream phone.\n", "\nThis is my personal experience I am sharing. After 10days of purchase,  the phone got hanged during call, and the system didn't work for half an hour,not even power and reboot button. The problem recurred after 1 week.  After investing this big amount for a phone,  this kind of experience really gets you into trouble.Also,  would advice Amazon to extend return timeline and should give 1 month for these kind of products, as these are big investment for the user.\n", "\nPRO's1.Display- Stunning it is the Best Display Today2.Design and Build Quality- It will blow u out3.Perforamce- The Fastest Android Phone no need to say Snap 855 with Oxygen OS Deadly Combination Absolutely Beast4.Camera- It is the Only department Where it is behind Pixel or Galaxy Note or Apple or Huawei Flagships Still it is not deal Breaker5.Audio-Stereo Speakers Damn Loud6.Vibration-Just Amazing Haptic feedback7.Connections-Call Quality brilliant Tested with Airtel and Idea networks8.Battery- Will get uu 1 day mostly and Warp Charging it will take 0-100 percent for about 80 mins initial 80% will be charged in 50 mins but last 20% takes 30 minsCON's-1.Biggest Con is No 3.5 headphone jack nor type C earphones in box2.No Wireless Charging not usefull though3.No official IP rating could have given by them4.Bit on a Expensive Side by OnePlus5.No Gorilla Glass 6 Which is Shocking\n", "\nThis is beautiful gem. I ordered it even after knowing of all the issues people are facing on it, I was little afraid but thank God I am not facing any such issues, no ghost touch, no battery drain etc. Camera might not be good for people who regularly use high end devices, but it's not bad. The overall experience is just amazing be it sound from speakers, the beautiful display and the smoothness of OS' transition animations, and ofcourse the new haptic feedback motor is amazing, it makes the overall experience even better. If you have money to spend, don't hesitate and go for it.\n", "\nWorks like charm..... #oneplus Never makes their customer down...... But shows lill bit of sadism in releasing colours.... Overall im very satisfied wid CAMERA:- not soo wide angled but its great nd no additional things added jst like oneplus 6 nd 6 and front popup camera works fine and crystal clear images can be takenBATTERY:-works great whole day and heres a tip use fhd+ and 60hz refresh rate for better battery backup when u needy.....PERFORMANCE:- ONEPLUS never settles as it says..... Even i use 6gb ram not even small lag detectedStereo speakers and dolby atmos... Even there is no overhead speakers they managed well to cover it... Wat ever its a small defect but it works wellOverall it's great product from oneplus and  #NEVERSETTLE\n", '\nOrdered the phone on 16th.In love with the phone!THANK YOU AMAZON FOR SPEEDY DELIVERY. GOT IT DELIVERED AT 6:30 AM NEXT DAY!!!Yes it is little bulky and huge but i dont think any phone having more than 6 inch screen can be used by single hand.I have comparitively large hands and still 5.5 inch screen handling was difficult.Charging and phone Speed is Blazing fast. And display is beautiful and buttery smooth. Dont think any phone has this smooth touch!It lived to all my expectations and was worth the wait.My friend used my phone for a while and bought one for himself too!Highly recommend the phone to people looking for flagship phone.Remember, it is flagship phone with amazing hardware and features and hence the price. :-)\n', "\nOneplus has really gone and done it this time around. So here's the review - Display - 10/10 (This is by far the best display in the market. Take my word for it  no youtube videos can show you the smoothness  that its 90hz display provides and is also a HDR 10+ display) Design - 9/10 ( The edges weren't really required but the still look really good) Battery - 7/10 ( the 90 hz display sucks alot of juice) Gaming - 10/10 ( by far the smoothest gaming experience i have had on a mobile device. I also own an iphone X and its even smoother than the X in gaming)All in all my only problem was the lack of a headphone jack and rest i am really satisfied with the purchase.\n", "\nS10(+) vs OP7Pro.. I chose this since it's superior in the OS, Warp charge, SD855 gaming and few more. It also matches up with its OLED display to the major flagships out there. Battery life looks good on my device atleast, Charges blazing fast. UI with this display is buttery smooth. These pop up cameras are fun and sturdy. Fingerprint reader feels faster over the OP6t. Camera quality is not up to the DXO mark, but would be improved by software updates which are seamless on 1+ devices\n", '\nTwo days as of now, simply best resolution yiu can get, will get a feeling of using 2phones, damn similar to s9plus edge.Well done ome plus. Camera has been improved , and yeass Nebula blue is the sexiest and the most unique color u will see.Feature wise, as they have mentioned its completly worthy.Just a upsetting about the potrait rear camera, hope they solve in update.\n', "\nThe first time i bought OP7pro. I was shipped with a defective unit. The screen had burn in issues. I just don't get it. If i am the first owner of the phone, how can it have screen burn in. It is something, that develops gradually on prolonged use. Maybe they are selling refurbished ones in offers. I filed for a replacement. And its working great.The phone is great in all aspects. Just the battery time is a bit less. My unit also registers false touches while charging.The design is fabulous and fragile. ✌️Update-Initially I gave it a 5star rating, then reduced one for the 3.5mm jack and battery.\n", "\nIt is one hell of a beast.. and icing on the cake.. it's got 12Gigs of Ram..!! Great Camera.. gets better with every update.. Gaming is next level.. Pubg, COD, Asphalt you name it.. plays crazy with zero lag and Hdr.. Battery 7-8 hours on heavy usage.. but, that doesn't matter when I can warp charge it to 75%  in 30 mins..!! Hence 5 stars.Oxygen Os.. refined and customised for daily use..Display is a whole different story.. beautiful Amoled display.. for movies or Netflix.. no drop in framerate whatsoever.. It's a beauty..!!If planning to get it just go for it..!! Highly recommend it !!\n", "\nFinger print reader is buttery smooth , camara quality is good but not excellent needs some more improvement. 1and half days of battery life. It depends on how you use the phone. If gaming is your priority it is smooth and fast but battery won't last long. Warp charger is fast . While charging phone heats up and automatically cools down at a percentage. By keeping in 90 Hz and resolution to auto switch it saves battery.The main flaw is no 3.5 mm jack, no type c to 3.5mm adaptor provided in the package .  Tempered glass not available for the phone in their website too.( If they are releasing a phone they should have accessories too but in OnePlus all accessories are out of stock). Price of the product is high. If they are pricing high they should have provided the adaptor for 3.5 mm jack , tempered glass and headsets in the package .\n", '\nused for a weekPros :1) specs2) speed3) displayCons :1) display is too long , a feature like "bring the display down while double tapping home button" is needed2) volume up and down is sturdy and slow , i have to install a android app for controlling volume now3) no headphone jack, no HEADPHONE CONNECTOR also (i have to buy new one)4) phone lags on usage while warp charging.5) fingerprint reader works great for my right thumb , but for other fingers i have to try 3 times\n', "\nIt's a beast.Exceeding all your expectations.Worth every penny.Jus hooe you may secure the phone.There's a pre installed screen guard tepered glass.Such a goot battery backup with the best charging speed.I recoreded on my watvh it have 38 mins for full charge frome 20%Camera is just worth it better than googlepixel just a bit down in protrait.Only drawback is you don't get earphones. Which OnePlus should have given in this pricerange.Hiving 5 stars on the basis of using ohone for 3 days.Worth it.\n", "\nI would like to say that this is not an 'out of world' product as you see in most of the reviews. The one and most amazing aspect I like about this product is its display for which I would give 4.5/5 compared to iPhone XS Max display which would be 4/5 according to my experience.  In performance factor also I would say that this will be the fastest phone I have ever used. Apart from these 2, this phone is just like any other Android phone in this price range or slightly above. The camera is just an average component and cannot be called as a flagship feature here (except night shots are pretty amazing though). The size is also quite huge that its difficult to operate it with just one hand. Charging is pretty decent and would take around .1 - 1.15 hours from 0-100. Battery back is the same as that of one plus 6t which will last for a day with a full charge and medium usage. Overall I would say this is an okayish product but not an amazing product from the future.\n", "\nThis was a great deal offered by Amazon. The phone quality is top notch. 90hz screen refresh rate gives a buttery smooth experience while using the apps which support it. In-display fingerprint reader is relatively fast and accurate. Haptics is improved and precise but not as good as iPhone which is a lot more expensive.Battery life is not awesome but decent as it drains out faster when the phone is used heavily while playing games. Although the warp charging does really help out here. The phone charges upto 50% in under 20 mins. This 50% lasts quite a while when used judiciously.Camera quality is decent again. Photos come out crystal clear and sharp in good lighting. Night photos are not very clear and have a lot of grain. Inbuilt night mode provides a brighter image but still there's grain visible in the photos. Selfie camera is also good. There is the motor noise when the selfie camera pops up and down. I dont recommend using the pop up camera for unlocking the phone.Considering the price, I would recommend this phone to anyone with this budget. This is 2019's best phone afterall.\n", "\nStarting with the camera quality, the phone takes gorgeous pictures. Within three weeks, OnePlus has send more than three updates centered on the camera and it gets better and better. Photos are sharp, colors a bit vibrant but I love it, video quality is better than any phone. Portraits are somewhat average, but that is true for any smartphone. Selfies too are of very good quality, and support nightscape.In very low light (almost pitch black with a few lights in the distance) the phone performed better than my expectations but I rarely use it for such situations. In normal low light (clubs, dimly lit rooms) it performs very well. I have attached a lot of camera samples. The best part about the OnePlus 7 Pro is the sharp quad HD display and with the 90Hz display, you can't stop just scrolling through your phone because it's so smooth and addictive. Everything from 4k videos to just the wallpapers look mesmerizing on this phone. The chin of the phone is also almost non existent, like the iPhone X.The fingerprint reader is very fast but takes more than one try with wet hands.The battery lasted much longer than the reviews said, easily finishing one day (and more than one with moderate usage and the battery saver turned on).The performance is just mind-numbingly fast. I realised its importance while opening PayTm which would always open slowly on my previous phone. No lag whatsoever.OxygenOS is a big reason to consider this phone because it is much better than the OneUI or Oppo/Vivo's wierd UIs.The only complaint I have is that OnePlus did not include a headphone jack converter in the box and the official converter on their website is out of stock. I tried a few cheap converters but sound quality was very bad. This is a trick for me to buy their new Bluetooth earphones WHICH I WILL NOT.Anyway the speaker quality is very very rich and good with Dolby Atmos so I can manage till I buy a pair of other Bluetooth earphones.\n", "\nThis phone is awesome, but I can't really use my headphones right now because I didn't get a 3.5mm to USB Type C cable. I tried buying it on the OnePlus official website but it is out of stock.The 90Hz refresh rate and everything else about this phone is fantastic.I bought the 12GB variant and I guess it is completely worth, since it gives a tough competition to premium flagships of Samsung and Apple.I play a lot of video games and I find this phone perfect for a person like me.While playing heavy-duty games like PUBG or Fortnite, the battery drains a bit fast but you can charge it from 0-100 in an hour.The screen is really huge, and because of its features I guess the phone weighs a bit more than other phones do.I would definitely recommend buying this phone to my friends or colleagues.\n", "\nThe phone is absolutely FANTASTIC! Works like a charm. The best thing is the display! Nothing comes close to this!A few cons I noticed are:1. The phone is kinda long from the usual ones.2. It's heavy (especially since I jumped from Oneplus 3 - 150g to oneplus 7 pro - 200g)4. The case that comes with this is slippery so better to buy a new one. I'm looking for one now too.5. The battery seems to go down a little faster to my liking with the 90Hz on. I haven't tried 60Hz yet thanks to the WARP charger.\n", "\nI read more reviews on this phone and saw many videos of reviews and tech experts many of them say that it's the best phone in Android. As they mentioned seriously it's the really the best phone. Best features. I took 8gb ram 7 pro.1. Display, 2. Touch, 3. Camera, 4. Speed, 5. Design, 6. Battery life, 7. Fast charge.Drawbacks1. No headset jack.2. Portrait mode is only for limited distance.3. Memory card slot.As it is the premium phone and paying 53k we expect basic things like headset jack or the headset. But didn't even give the music jack connector.All the premium phones have wireless features but we miss in this phone. Hope it comes in next version.\n", "\nJust one word . Amazing.  The speed is terrific and the response from the insane machine is mind boggling . It switches from tab to tab like lightning . Front camera is a pop but have no fear.  It's well designed and has fall prevention sensor . Phone doesn't have headphones slot and hence need to use wireless . Sound and video clarity is beautiful . I would suggest this phone to people like me who still believes in Android and for the love of Goodies it offers .\n", "\nI am very happy with the product. But what's the meaning of phone without headphone jack or connector. If we are buying the phone of 50000, the company cant even provide us the connector for earphone? I would suggest not to go for this phone until and unless they have a solution for this. Before buying this phone just think why didn't they provide Type C earphone or connector. If we are spending more than 30K on any phone. We expect all accessories for the same.\n", "\nIt is my costliest ever phone and while reading couple of reviews, I was a bit sceptical on ordering.But finally ordered and a big surprise. I live in tier 3 city and the phone was scheduled to be delivered the very next day. Such super fast delivery has never been heard. I was able to reschedule the delivery date easily on chat with customer care executive. Excellent.. Pros .1. Outstanding display. The quality of the display can not be told in words . It has to be experienced to feel.2. Camera quality. The default 12MP pics are sharp and feel life like. The 48MP in Pro mode is somey out of this world.3. Battery. The 4000 mAh battery is more than enough for a normal user ever at QHD and 90 refresh rate. If you need to last longer, just reduce the screen resolution. The battery was 67% when I received the phone. Even after 1 system update install, 20 app updates from playstore, and setting up the entire phone, the battery stands at 31% after 17 hrs of starting the phone for first time. Great.4. Hardware. The SD855 is more than sufficient for most users while perfect suited for a heavy user.5. Warp charger supplied with phone.6. Thick transparent cover supplied and has cuts at right places which don't obstruct the moving front camera.Cons1. Pricey.2. The pre applied screen protector is good for nothing. It already had bubbles in it and within 6hrs of receiving, it had worked loose from all 4 corners. It won't last long and will surely peel off soon.3. Nothing supplied. At 53k, leave a wireless headphone, it doesn't ships with even a wired headphone.4. Packaging could've been better while shipping a 53k phone. Even a 200 Rs phone cover has better packing. No bubble wrap to prevent jerks and shocks. Just a Amazon branded cardboard and nothing else.Desired.1. Wish it had shipped with a wireless headphone.2. A pre applied 3d tempered glass for better protection.Update. All this is rubbish. The phone has developed a fine green line at the edge of display and within 4 months of purchase, the display nuas to be changed. And as always, service center terms this as physical damage and refuses to honor warranty.Never ever buying OnePlus. Even a phone worth 4000 doesn't has problems in 4 months.\n", '\nFeels very premium to hold and the 90 hz refresh rate is just too good.. feel like its a bit over priced.. and for those who expected 2 cases and wireless earphones, its a special review package which is clearly told by the presenter.. there is no earphone or even 3.5 mm earphone adapter which should be bought from after market.. All the functions of the phone works like a breeze.. no issues so far.. overall its a good phone..\n', "\nThe OnePlus 7 pro is a large phone at 6.7 inches. It is heavier than you'd expect and is a little difficult to use single handedly. The bezel less screen sometimes makes it hard to use gesture navigation. Besides this there is literally nothing to complain about. The phone is incredibly fast, the display is incredibly satisfying, the camera is great even if it isn't the absolute best, and the UI is brilliant.Recommend to anyone looking for a phone in this price range if one handed use is not a big concern.\n", "\nGreat phone and awesome performance.. Tested it with all kind of games and applications... Now without wasting any time I would like to share pros and cons :Cons-1. Average battery life (6 hrs SOT)2. Average camera quality (improved with the latest update)3. Dust magnet. I have covered Op7 pro with in box cover and also tried ringke cover but dust is all over the phone. Pop up camera also covered in dust.4. Side curves aren't the best thing in this mobile.5. Fingerprint sensor is not so good and responded in 2 3 attempts.Pros -1. Fantastic performer.2. Awesome screen. Loved the 90hz thing. Very quick in response.3. Nightscape mode is awesome after update. Compared with s10+ and difference are unimaginable. Op7 pro's images are better and clearer than s10+. You can see the difference of HDR+ images.4. Oxygen os is far better than stock android.5. Stereo speakers are upto the mark. Compared with other dual speakers phone and sound is clear and easily heard in crowded places.6. Using type C bullet earphones with this and get awesome output from device.In the end it is the user liking or disliking about this specific device. Some people impressed with the image quality and some aren't. Some people liked the sound and some referred it as a noise. Build quality is upto the mark. Tried it with water splash and phone is working fine. Pop up camera is not the feature a user can buy this phone for.Although i am using this phone as daily driver and it is the best device in this price range if performance is taken for the benchmark.\n", "\nJust single drop of rain destroyed my ONEPLUS 7PRO. I WENT TO ONE PLUS SERVICES STATION THEY SAID THEY CAN'T DO ANY THING I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO NOW.\n", "\nAfter switching from Galaxy S7, This phone is an absolute beast and  worth every penny. True flagship phone at an affordable price.Pros :1) Fantastic Display and really enjoyed reading on this phone . 90Hz mode makes scrolling super smooth.2) Super fast charging3) Battery lasts whole day even  with heavy uses4) Oxygen OS is very very smooth without any bloatware5) Snapdragon 855 with  UFS 3.0 storage makes everything very very fast and smooth.Cons :1) Camera performance is not in the same level as Galaxy S10 plus and Iphone XS but couldn't complain at this price point2) Due to its huge size, it is heavy and one-handed operation is sometimes difficult3) No waterproof IP ratingsOverall, absolutely happy with the phone and couldn't ask for better phone at this price .\n", '\nFirst of all thanks for choosing me as ur review handle!!So this phone is for those who have some big hands not for the small hands...[ Overall review of OnePlus 7 Pro ]∆ Advantage• As OnePlus said it\'s truly a bezeless phone!• It\'s "Beyonds the speed"• Nebula Color is Best !!• Camera Is All Good!!• Many thinngs Are Good !!∆ Disadvantage• At price of 53000/- in they should provide Headphone in box!!• It\'s a little Heavy as compare to other smartphone!• No clean Cloth in Box!!∆ Most important points!!• 90 refresh rate is awesome 😍• Battery Backup + Charging is Quick!!• It Some time get a little hot maybe due to temp of 50* Celsius in Jodhpur!!So if u have a budget of 45000/-+ u should go with OnePlus 7 Pro and u will be satisfy at least 4 years!!× Compare ×• OnePlus 7 Pro is much better than Samsung S10+ & IPhone Xr which is much higher as compare to OnePlus in price!!\n', "\nJust changed over to OP7 pro from hauwei mate 20 pro. Not bcs my mate was bad. But my wife liked it and broke her op 5t.So points I felt1. Make no mistake phone is huge2. Display is stunning. The best.3. Finger print very consistent4.  Camera. Is hit and miss. Sometimes images are stunning. Other wise very cartoony5. Battery is average. Nothing to worry. But nothing to rejoice. Recharging is super fast6. Because of curved display lot of unintentional palm touches.7. Gaming is excellent8.speakers are stunning9. no headphone jack. And it's not gonna come back into any top tier phones. So not an issue.Over all Good. Not as satisfied as my Mate 20 proBcos.1. Mate 20 pro was super to hold it. Slightly smaller almost perfect2. No IR blaster in OP7 pro3. Nightmode is so artificial4. Faceunlock is scary bcs everytime the camera come out it's a small worry somewhere in my mind Even though I know it's good to last5. No IP ratingoxygen OS is very good. But I don't think that's the one reason you should buy it. My friend has k20 pro with Nova launcher and it's almost as fast as my OP7pro.Bottom line .. buy it for display. Buy size s a worry.Buy it for oxygen.. but you can get this performance even with 31k k20 pro with launcher.Buy it for multimedia and gamesNot for camera.You will be satisfied with OP7 pro. No doubt!!!\n", "\nThankyou amazon for providing exchange offer for this. Display is the first thing you should talk about how smooth with the 90hz refresh rate and notch less display gives really great experience while watching movies, playing gamesetc.,Fingerprint reader is really superfast and the oxygen os makes you fall in love with it.Camera after many updates got better with natural colours and now it is good. Gaming is excellent. I didn't experienced any lag while playing heavy games like pubg, asphault etc., but the battery while playing games I got around five hours and in normal usage I got eight hours.\n", '\nThe battery life is amazing, i got nearly 9hrs of SOT, performance is top notch, no lag, Dolby Atmos is amazing for the supported content.Camera quality is not up to mark only con from my last 5 days usage.Overall satisfied with the build quality, performance and battery managementUpdate-After the recent update 9.5.7 the camera performance increased drastically. On par with high end phones.\n', "\nThis is my first OnePlus DeviceAnd I can say this is the best phone I have ever used .The 90hz display is amazingI can guarantee once you started using the phone on 90hz you can't go back to lower refresh rate.. you will feel and can see the other phones lagging..Camera is not up to the mark but the latest update improve a lot .. and can be better in next updates..Battery life is good ... Not the best due to higher refresh rate and quad hd resolution.. but if you want good battery life you can do so by changing the screen resolution to full HD+ and the refresh rate to 60hz..The fingerprint is super fast..And the WARP Charge , this is amazing..The phone charges very quickly..Oxygen Os is awsm.. (best os ever)Weight - the phone is a lit bit heavy.. but if you use the case you wont feel it heavy..\n", "\nFast and great phoneFast chargingOk camera better in gcam appBattery is not great in 90hz displayYou change to 60hz and battery saver it helpsAnd 90hz display is really great really smoothIt's offering a lot of value for the priceBecause the s10 iPhone are way more expensiveAsus Zenfone 6 and k20 pro all have regular diaplays that's why their cheapThis has a oled (very good )The os is really good better than stock AndroidLot of featuresIf you have the money go for it\n", '\nFull 5 ✳️.. also my 1st Oneplus...Touch sensibility 5/5Gaming 5/5Camera 4.5/5 (cartoon type pictures)Vibrator engine 5/5Screen ratio 5/5Battery backup 4/5 . (For 90hz refresh rate more power consumption)U have the bucks. Go for it.\n', "\nRubbish item!!!!! No data security . Phone gets unlocked by anyone , only thing u will have to do is just don't let the secondary camera pop up (by applying finger pressure over camera)after u press power button for 3-5 seconds. See and enjoy the magic!!!!!!\n", "\nI ordered my OnePlus 7 Pro with lot of doubts in mind specially it not being water resistant and camera quality in previous versions.I highly recommend the OnePlus 7pro and writing this review so it might help others .Pro-1) Screen - Best Screen so far on any phone and with 90Hz refresh rate it is best mobile to play games with . I love playing PUBG and Asphalt 9 on Top setting and Result are terrific.2) Portrait Mode - OnePlus has never been the Best Camera device in market but OnePlus7pro has one top notch portrait mode. You will love taking Portrait in this device.3) Speed - With Latest 855 Snapdragon , I never laid hands on such smooth Android device . I can directly compare smoothness to IphoneX on this device.4) Built Quality - OnePlus 7 Pro has very strong built quality which I found very impressive. I did checked out YouTube videos to found its durability and was impressed.5) OxygenOS: With OxygenOS the experience of Android is smooth as silk.Cons :Water Proof : Only reason to not buy this mammoth phone . I was planning Huawei P30 Pro but then we have water proof cases for that purpose.Fingerprint Sensor : It does seems temperamental at times .Headphones : No Headphone Provided with devices and No Headphone Jack . Seriously heavy disappointment.Wireless Charging : Wireless Charging is a show off feature. We all know it's very slow but it does look good to flaunt.Weight : If you don't prefer Heavy phones , let this go . ONEPLUS 7pro is 200 gms and definitely feels heavy . Though I found  myself attracted to heavy phones .Review : If Best camera is priority  and you do tend to take underwater photography seriously, Spend 20K Extra for Huawei P30 Pro.OnePlus 7pro has a great camera , it's 3x zoom and bokeh is awesome . And is a great device , if you are looking for Good Camera , Super Cool Build and Best Performance.Speed is what OnePlus were really always selling here. This time they really went Beyond Speed.\n", "\nThe battery back up on the so called 4000 mAh is only 7 hours. This 7 hours is with just 20 minutes screen usage.Raised a replacement request with Amazon. The technician who was supposed to visit on the scheduled day called up and mentioned that battery issue can come up because of apps and also the screen resolution. I have been using one plus 5t and it lasted 20-25 hours with the same usage and same applications. I had to put all my applications in optimise in the 7 pro to keep the battery last till evening. My friends using one plus 7 (not the pro) did not face any issue and their batteries lasted for over 20 hours.The worst part on Amazon's side is that the technician did not turn up and I got an email saying I was not reachable. When I contacted the technician he mentioned that he was busy with other customers and so he turned down my req. Now Amazon calls me back the next day from some unknown number and asks me for my details to place this technician request.Why playing cheap tactics to avoid replacement amazon by extending the dates ?\n", "\nThe phone is worth of money .I have seen on youtube they provide headphones and car dash charger with two extra cover.But i didn't get any of them totally disappointed with one plus team.If they are not giving such things then they should not show such things in their videos along with box .\n", '\nEverything was great. This is my first OnePlus device and I really love it. Some people complaint some things in review section but if you want to get good quality product then ignore those negative reviews and go for it.\n', "\nProduct is awesome but delivery was delayed.the first thing you'll notice is that it is blazing fast. The camera pops up everytime for facial unlock which looks a little bothering somehow otherwise this phone is power packed. Battery life will go on for more than a day for me easily with daily chores on my phone as I am not a gamer.\n", "\nI have been using OP7 Pro for last 7 days and I found performance of the phone, camera, battery live up to OP expectations until 7th days.  I witnessed a song app is playing music even after I killed all the process. As last step, I restarted the phone and to my surprise phone got stuck at restart for a minute or so without doing anything. After couple of minutes, I see screen going blank and photo just died. It won't start whatever you do. I finally found that this is a happening to many OP7 Pro phones and way to recover is pressing Power and Volume up key.Overall very disappointed . This has made me think if we should even trust and buy any more OP phone at all.I also found that once you purchase a phone through Amazon, it is not easy to return a defective phone. Even if you are still within 10 day return window, you cannot just ask for a replacement for defective phone. You have to spend good amount of time with Amazon customer service who will get a technician to visit you and find all ways not to accept the return which is very disappointing.So, firstly it is good to avoid this model till OP fixes this issue. If you still want to buy it, better buy it from retain stores and not online because you will be stuck with this product even if you don't want to.\n", '\nThis is my personal review after 2 days of usage and one thing is for sure , that this is the BEST DISPLAY ever, just like said at the event "FAST AND SMOOTH". Watching series/movies is a pleasing experience and hands on to One plus for that.The performance is smooth and amazingly fast as always with OP. They are Masters in this segment.I saw many comments on social media regarding the average battery backup, yes it is true but with WARP CHARGING it doesn\'t really matters. It is more than a balance to me. I won\'t mind burning more battery for a smoother experience which is new and missing with other brands.The biggest drawback I felt is the Camera. The pop up camera has got too much crop and if you open the video then you might end up shooting yourself only. The Rear camera too needs some optimisation which I am sure we will see soon.One thing which I want to bring in notice is the "NIGHTSCAPE" mode in Rear camera, it was working good before the first update and as soon I updated it , the quality went down. Same is with the normal one as well.One thing I felt which should have been given is the Type-C to 3.5mm jack cable, that was indeed missing. Rest everything is just perfect.Overall I will give it "4 stars out of 5". Deducted one because of the camera, was expecting a better one with OP7 pro atleast. I am optimistic that OP will come up with a strong solution soon. 🖖🖖\n', '\nFirst have to give Amazon five stars for delivering this item on promised one-day delivery. Bought this phone as an replacement to my iPhone 6 (128 GB) & Coolpad note 3. My iPhone was draining battery in half a day; running basic call & messaging funcions slower.OnePlus 7 pro is an worthy replacement. My cousin recommended it. She bought for 53,000 approx; I bought for 4,000 RS less. It\'s fast, has edge to edge bigger screen; dual SIM and very long battery life. It runs PUBG as smooth as silk. Most wonderful of all is "Warp Charging". This makes my experience, just awesome.The latest update has changed cool airplane-mode animation (road appearing/disappearing). Loved that animation.The item was out for delivery@3:34PM; called the delivery man but call didn\'t go through; twice. The delivery was attempted @5:40, when no one was home. Delivery man called; I told him to re-attempt any time, same day, anytime 45min-1 Hr later. That\'s when he insisted that I collect from neighbor; I wanted it to collect in person, so I refused. He told me he\'ll deliver the next day; I refused.Through chat then in-app helpline call; was told delivery man was off duty. Then I gave an ultimatum that either the item be re- attempted or order be cancelled. Was ready to bid goodbye Amazon forever; deleting all saved cards, except the one for recovery of payment. Amazon personnel called back & resolved that deliveryman will re-attempt.Amazon really treats it\'s customers like A King. Made my experience with them awesome. This close to decision to never buying anything from Amazon again; this close to Amazon loosing a loyal customer for life. My loyalty to this brand of online shopping, became stronger due to customer- delight attitude of Amazon.Had bought a range of items from Amazon over the years; mostly electronics like headphones from leading brands like Sony, Bose, Sennheiser, etc phones like Coolpad note 3, iPhone 7, iPad 6th gen, Samsung M20, now OnePlus 7 pro. Love you Amazon. You are really A->Z (A through Z). This is the best online shopping experience ever.\n', "\nThis is my first One Plus phone hence I don't  have a baseline to judge against.Pros:1. Excellent camera quality.2. It's a beauty to look at( P.S: I bought the Nebulae Blue).3. Display is just superb.(The resolution even when set to FHD+ and refresh rate of 60Hz is class leading).4. Snapdragon 855 is the fastest Qualcomm processor as of now so no knit picking in the speed and performance aspect.5. Price is perfect for all that you are getting.6. Selfie cam is better than I expected.Cons:1. The wide angle camera is a huge let down.(I have tried the S10+ wide angle lens setup and it's not comparable with this lens).2. No USB type C to 3.5 mm Jack adapter.( Another huge let down if you are used to getting earphones out of the box.)3. The QHD+ and 90Hz refresh rate drains charge fast and it's pretty obvious.4. At least a splash proof body could have been given at this price ( This is because splash proof displays and IP rated Samsung phones start around the 10 - 20K price range).\n", "\nAlmost a week of use now and I'm loving it from every aspect. It's a flagship phone at a much lesser price than the other brands. Camera quality is superb and even night mode is great (only on the primary cam though, night mode doesn't work well in zoom/tele). It looks stunning, performance is superb and battery life is great even for a heavy user.\n", '\nGreat product, I am very happy but there are few issues1 . At the time when I booted this mobile very first timeError was giving again and again "stopped working"I had to resolved by formatting it using clockwork recovery mode2. Gyroscope sensor have a very major issue. It works on opposite direction.3. While using Bluetooth volume slider popping again and again which is irritating. But in next two days that issue completely gone. It may have a update issue.But still I will give this phone 4.5 star because performance of this phone is unbelievableYou cannot compare with other brand\n', "\nBetter than Samsung M30,A30,A50,A70,mi note 7pro, poco f1, vivo v15, oppo f11 pro, one plus 6t and all other middle(under INR 30000).Also better than iPhone 7, 7plus, 8, 8 plus, xr and upper middle priced phone(up to INR 60000).Also ignore all other brand phones.Points:1. Camera is excellent, night mode is brilliant2. No lagging at all3. No heating issue4. Comes with warp charger in box, super fast charging5. Front screen is the curved and totally premium look. 6.67in Fluid Amoled Display (2340 x 1440 pixels, HDR10+).6. No bending issue. Solid body.7. Sceen is not bleeding. No problem at all.8. Android pie (v9) with one of the most lightest skin Oxygen OS 9.5.3GM21AA (lots of customizations possible)9. No network issue (mobile network, wifi, screen casting)10. Little bit Slippery back side due to glass body. You can buy back cover for that. Also Silicon cover is come within box, if you like it.11. Popup camera is automatically lowered during free fall. ie. If you are using your phone with front camera poped up, and accidentally you drop you phone, front camera will be automatically goes back inside.12. No bloatwares (only Google apps(can not uninstal), one plus' 3-4apps(some of them can be uninstall) and Netflix(can not uninstall) are pre-Installed.I bought one plus 1 back in 2014. After that no phone attract me to buy it. But finally made my mind to buy this phone. And so far, no regrets at all.Jumping 6 generation(from one plus 1 to one plus 7pro) is fun.Hope you also like this phone.\n", "\nI bought this phone only for snapdragon 855 processor and all new 90hz display. I am satisfied with the display and the performance it provides. I don't use camera of any phone so my review will not tell about camera. But as I've seen with this phone camera quality is little bit average I'll say. This phone have some serious issues about the weight balance and absence of 3.5mm jack (adapter is not available also inbox ofcourse they want customers to spend valuable money on there brand). And non availability of 3.5mm adapter on official site is also a problem. Stereo speakers are also soo average.\n", '\nExcellent phone. Superb camera, awesome display, superfast fingerprint scanner, butter smoothly OS, superb warp charging...... everything is excellent.\n', '\nAfter a week use.Pros:Display is by far the best and awesome.Fast response, UI is very smooth - 90 htz.Camera is very good, not as good as Samsung and latest iPhones.Battery backup is decent.Cons:Phone is very slippery.No earphone jack, need to buy type-C earphone or adapter.I could not set different SMS ringtone for dual SIMs.No SD card slot.I felt battery is draining faster and warp charger is slower than Vivo Nex.Given transparent back cover is slippery. No additional matte cover as seen in unboxing on various YouTube videos.Will post more as I find more.____________________Further experience:Touch is not consistently responsive, especially through screen guard.I had to buy type-C earphone and adapter for 3.5mm earphone, recording is not good through adapter.48mp camera clarity can only be achieved in Pro mode, other modes are surprisingly of average or low standard compared to Samsung phones.Noticed that GPS loses direction which is quite annoying and not sure others faced. I could compare with other phone on the same route.Fingerprint response is incredible, top in Android phones.WARP charging is faster than I noticed initially.\n', "\nThe Oneplus 7 Pro is a stunner. Gorgeous design. At the rear it had a 3 camera setup. All three work amazingly. The 3x telephoto actually helps and gives very clear pictures. The nightscape mode is the best I've seen till now. The results are stunning to say the least. Check the attached pictures. None of these have been reprocessed. The screen is smoother beauty. Full saturated colours and perfect. I'm not sure I'm fond of the curved screen though. The call quality and reception is perfect. The BT range of excellent. The 2 external speakers are unexpectedly, actually very good. The battery life is more than adequate. In my normal use its still at 70% in the evening. Like all the preceding Oneplus models this too is blazingly fast.If I have a grouse outs the automatic screen brightness. It's absolutely useless. It does nothing. My Oneplus 5t controlled brightness really well. Is this a deal breaker? Not one bit. This is the best mobile for me and the one that gives real bang for the buck\n", '\nAwesome phone with great display. Camera quality is better then previous OnePlus phones, however its still not upto the mark of Samsung s10 or P20 pro. Also be aware that there is a price difference of almost 20k between S10+, P30 pro and oneplus7 Pro, so comparing their camera might not do justice. However it does fair pretty well, night mode is very good. Even though this is the most expensive model till date from OnePlus, its still has all the next gen features such as HDR10+, UFS 3 and so on which makes the price really apt. I love the curved display, unlike Samsung where you can visibly see the edges curved, in OnePlus the front display is curved in a grace full manner which later blends into the back panel.\n', "\nIts a nice phone to buy ....one plus always works on speed and delivering it in right pricePros*Amazing Display ( with modes to adjust to save battery life )*UFS 3.0 tested and it's actually fast.*Good battery life*Good Sound Quality compared to all other one plus device*Sufficient storage and we'll optimized ram management* Best Nightscape mode ( Camera only this feature )Come* Feels heavy while operating* Camera is okay and needs a lot of upgrade where OnePlus will eventually fix it post testing* No accessories like headphone or ctype to 3.5 convertor* Wireless charging* IP water resistant rating ( but it's splash proff and needs to be dried of soon )Processor is Superb 👍Camera is okay but fair enough .. love the nightscape mode 🌙Build is Nice 😎Display is flawless not comments for the same🤘Sound / Speaker output is just good enough... 👌Yes the mobile is dam heavy and not for one hand use ...u need dinosaur palm to handle it 😂Finger print reader will eventually get better as the AI will keep on recognizing the new side finger input.☝️\n", "\nAm an ardant fan of One plus phones and always cherished to own one. Was eagerly waiting for 8 series launch, so upon on launch decided to buy one. On comparing specs in gsmarena with 7 pro and 7t pro , it's observed , 8 series is wayblow in specs. I suppose the high rate is because of its IP rating .To the product review it's simply the best feel you have while using this. Cameras offer crisp and natural colours, sensons are too good. Fingerprint response , gesture controls are well justified.I definitely recommend this if you are buying a phone for min 3 years use.\n", "\nThank you Amazon for quick delivery. coming to product iam using 8GB version no words to say the speed is in controlled didn't get any lag it's very smooth.Screen OnePlus you nailed it 90hz awesome to use battery some are complain about SOC but iam getting 7hr 30 min roughly which is pretty best as my side.\n", '\nWonderful working experience..amazing Display quality.. unbelieve it..👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌\n', '\nWriting review after a weekPros :- Worth buying it.- Premium look and design- Lightweight and fast Oxygen OS- Display quality is awesome specially one can feel difference of 90Hz refresh rate vs 60Hz- Best experience for playing games and videos on QHD+ fluid AMOLED- Sound quality is best with Dolby Atmos- Battery life is really good. With full battery it works for more than a day with moderate use of phone with gaming & watching videos- Camera quality is not up to a mark compared to other flagship phones but better than its previous version 6TCons :- No 3.5 mm headphone jack- No IP rating for water resistance- Slightly bigger in size- Slightly heavy in weight- Ghost touch on cornors. Hope this would be resolved in upcoming software updates.\n', '\nBest Gaming Experience90 Hz Frame Rate implies smooth displayCrazy SpeedSuper Fast ChargingEven with High-end games like Asphalt 9, Battery does not drain fastDisplay is magnificentThe only limitation is some may find the size too big and screen too big,but for an average person like me, It is better than anything I ever imagined.Great Job One Plus.\n', "\nGenuine review, i have other flagship phones and for a moment i thought I'll try something new which was one plus 7pro, and i regret my decision since then. It is one of worst phone..they have priced at premium phone. But it's nowhere premium phone ..i feel it upgrade version of MI phones..not sure what this gimic is. Qhd 90hz refresh rate..all nonsense. Camera is biggest let down..with no waterproof certification and wireless charging..i regret i hav seen all this before..now i want get rid of this phone..i want to sell ..used only 1month..it's a cheap phone with highly priced.\n", '\nFirst of all this phone is value for moneyThe camera quality is phenomenalExcept for the front camera performance in dark confition is very poorThe finger print scanner is not that accurateThe battery life is very goodBest battery in any smart phoneThe display is greatPotrait mode is avgNight scape mode is amazingBetter than s10 plus in all aspectsIf you are confused btwn note 10 pls and op7proGo for op7pro\n', '\nThis phone is very much modified than previous models of OnePlus.Pros: Very fast finger-print sensor, awesome UI, Bigger than bigger display which is awesome!, 4K recording is nice.Cons: Camera quality issue, much weight, heating problem.But overall this phone is the best.\n', '\nHi one plus /Amazon team,  the one plus seven I used has a glass internal hairline Mark and glass flows from inside on bottom left corner. It can lead to stress in glass and self breakage or blast. I have seen it today ...one day after return window is closed. Please allow to replace ..it is a manufacturing defect\n', "\nI love the device..but it doesn't come with any accessory.. nothing at all..that was pretty disappointing cause, in other countries it came with a lot of accessory.. really interesting ones..why the different approach to us...the camera is just insane...the details it captures with night mode is also interesting...finger print reader is insanely fast..camera quality is at par with all similar devices of other brands...I bought it for the camera and it delivers\n", "\n\xa0It is very good product. But only one negative point that the price of the phone is high and we don't get earphones also. I thought they would give a normal earphones. And it doesn't have earphone jack so it should provide some other thing so that we  can connect our normal earphones.battery drains very fast.the overcome this they have provided nice charger but it is of no use if we are out of the house we cannot charge it.\n", '\nExcellent phone. Delight to see & hold in your hands.OnePlus has done an excellent Job - they picked all new funtions , new technologies (pop-up camera, curved screen, QHD dispy, on-screen finger print, 90 hrz etc. ) & added to this phone. - Intelligent approach.Has an excellent screen, 90 hrz is exceptional experience ( now when I use my older phone, it looks like sluggish)Very responsive finger print. Good battery (for me at least), innovative gestures etc.Overall an excellent experience. Thanks\n', '\n1-Bettery should b optimised but i m okay with the warp charge thats pretty fast2-Device is heavy in weight3-camera is the most important highlight in any device, its good but not like other flagships, it need an improvement via software update4-Speed is awesome5- Gaming experience is top class, its very smooth6- Display quality is awesome, vivid, colourful, sharp and very smooth7- From my opinion there should some more font styles like samsung8- Video experience is very crisp and clear9- Streo sounds are loud and clear with dolby support10- Oxygen OS is best in world, so many customizable options are available11- 3.5mm jack is missing, its very sad, so i have used new oneplus wireless bullet 2 and the experience was just never before12- IP rating is missing , its almost now flagship level pricing so oneplus should maintain this13- Fnatic mode is very helpful during game play15- Camera night mode is nice\n', "\nGreat Delivery from Amazon. Got it delivered on 17th with morning delivery. Now let's talk about phone.Display is just one of the best. It's 90hz display makes the phone seem so smooth. It's just like a butter. Performance is always awesome in one plus and this takes one step forward with UFS 3.1. camera is a good improvement over 6T but still can't be compared with other flagship.I was little hesitant about pop up camera but oh boy it works awesome. It is a good implementation. Phone box doesn't include USB to 3.5m converter. Charging speed is awesome. Camera is good but requires some software optimization.\n", "\nWhat I like--Excellent performance, fast bootup and instant app loadup-Display is the one that impresses me the most with its 90hz refresh rate and curved glass-Build quality is great, slim design and glass back give the premium feel-OxygenOs is great, gives one of the best UI experience-Stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos makes the sound crisp, clear and loud.-Has gaming mode which boosts up the performance while gaming-Camera is great, but needs improvement.-Charging is very fast and also doesn't refrain from using phone while charging-Lastly, on screen fingerprint scanner is very fast and accurateWhat I dislike/ poorly like--No headphone jack-Box hardly contains any accessories unlike other flagship phones; no type-c adapter, no complimentary headphones, no otg cable; only charger and sim ejector tool-Hybrid Sim slot-Photos clicked have heavy detail loss, when magnified the objects far away seems smudged, not expected in a flagship phone like this.-Face unlock is a bit slow due to popup mechanism-Battery drain is high when operating it at QHD+ resolution and 90hz display but can go for a day with moderate use.-Factory applied screen protector is of very low quality, doesn't even stick properly on the edges-Finally, price is bit high compared to other flagship phones with similar specification.\n", "\nIf you want to buy a true flagship phone and don't care about brands, then buy it. Probably the best screen and performance in the market right now and an excellent camera. Battery is decent and warp charging is a thing of dreams.Pros -1. Best display ever.2. Best performance stats.3. Decent battery life. Fastest charging.4. Excellent camera. Pixel and Samsung does it better.5.excellent stereo speakers.5. Price is cheap.6. Stock android feel with some upgradesCons -1. Bulky and heavy.2. Not up certified. Some reviewers claim it to be splashproof though.3. No headphone jack and wireless charging.\n", "\nOk first let me tell you something. All the negative reviews are before the OTA update. So if you are wondering whether to buy it or not, don't think again. This mobile is a beast.Pro'sTop class displayNo notchesVery Good battery. Getting 7.5 hrs SOT with 90hz+ QHDStereo Speakerssplash resistantOxygen OS (I am sure it will go till Android 12)Super fast indisplay Finger print scannerCon'sNo headphone jack. Not even converter provided. I thought there will be one.Pretty Okish Camera. Hoping for some good OTA updates.No LED notification lightFinally Camera to Api is enabled. So install Gcam and it will do wonders.\n", "\nThe phone is very good. Two weeks of usage and there is no problems with my unit. Camera is good, not awesome neither aweful as some reviewers advertised. Battery life is good but not great, the best part is the display that can be termed awesome. Overall a good phone to have but there are other alternatives if you are willing to go.Features:1. Flagship processor and built2. Awesome Display3. Good Battery life4. Good Camera performance (didn't expect to be good because of some biased reviews)5. Nebula is the new favourite6. Oxygen Os\n", "\nOne Plus 7 Pro is the  Best phone till date under one plus flagship.Well I think it has both Pro and Cons.I have listed them down as per my observation.Pro:1) Super Dispaly best in class and at this price.2) Battery backup is excellent.3) Camera is great please dont compare it with Samsung.Try the same in low light..4) Processor speed is superb with no heating issue .5)Quick charging and very fast clock speed.Cons:1) A bit heavy.2) No headphone jack.I had thought atleasy with this range of price they should provide us headphones and a Back cover.I think they have only reserved those things for Technical reviewers.If you see any technical review of the product they will get all accessories but a regular buyer won't.\n", '\nSuper display quality, great touch feel,best in camera phone, battery life is ok,rest super mobile overall .But theres only one big caution the discount which Amazon mentioned in terms of (no cost EMI discount) is totally rubbish the cost of mobile is 50999/- we have to pay to them if we choose 6months EMI option we have to pay 8499.93×6=50999.58.Then why mentioned no cost EMI discount and all  it shows the value of one plus 7pro is RS 48979.64 in order summary.who will give this discount of RS 2019,Which Amazon mentioned in order summary.\n', '\nOh my God awesome product!The screen is freaking smooth and nice build quality. Camera is better than any other one plus phones and even competes other cameras.Battery is bit on a rough side and is expected due to 90hz screen rate but it charges equally well and very fast.Loving it\n', "\nWhat a phone. Totally worth every penny. The screen is the main attraction. The quality is out of this world just woowww.  The camera is good I won't say it's the best. But the smoothness is unreal the speed is unreal it's silly fast. And cherry on the cake is the wrap charger it charges your phone in no time. The look is classy and soft but still impactful.\n", "\nBeen using this for 10 days.The display is excellent ( not as good as Samsung oleds but still a great display considering the 90hz and QHD panel.)Battery life is good enough for an average user, warp charging helps a lot when you're in a hurry.Camera is also good enough imo but it should improve via software updates ( you can still install the Google camera mod though).Performance is excellent on this one!! No lags or anything like.Keep in mind that this is a big and relatively heavy smartphone.Overall an excellent smartphone, but if camera is your HIGHEST priority, go for pixel 3a.I'm happy with my op7 pro.\n", '\nAt start the handset crashed,showing android had stopped working. Then I contacted One plus care and the advised to either replace or do the hard reset. The hard reset worked and the phone is working perfectly.Performance,charging speed,camera,display everything is good. Sound clarity is also good. Overall a good flagship product. 😊\n', '\n1. Display and wrap charging is really awesome2. Battery life is good on 60Hz speed and okish on 90Hz3. Speed of  faceunlock is good and fingerprint reader is VVGood\n', '\nThe product is simply awesome. One plus has surely  put a lot of work to make such elegent design and superfast device. The screen experience is just out of the world, its buttery smooth. Speed has always been the forte of One plus and Kudos to the team you wont even find one slightest of a glitch while using this device. Allso dont worry if you hate waiting for long hours to get your battery charged, the new 30W Warp charger does its job for you in no time. The camera quality is also decent and fulfills all your daily requirements. Overall the experience has been very good and trust me you wont be regretting your purchase, So if you are planning of buying one simply go for it.\n', "\nThe display is just too good. I was unsure about the battery life because of mkbhd. But in my use I'm getting around 7 hours of SOT with 90hz and 2k resolution.Post camera update, the hdr issues have been almost solved.In my opinion the higher price is worth it, the other flagships at least in India are way too overpriced\n", '\n*Fingerprint Reader : Very fast and excellent*Camera : Nightscape shines the brightest, overall camera quality has improved drastically with recent updates*Battery life : More than enough for a day of heavy to moderate usage*Os : Oxygen Os with Android 10 gives excellent user-friendly performance*Display : 90hz packed with QHD display gives amazing visual and ultra smooth touch experience**With MKBHD\'s "Phone of the year Award" Overall  performance of this phone is excellent and one should definitely go for it for complete user-friendly and buttery smooth experience **\n', "\nWriting review after exact one month of usage.Pros:1. 90hz display: Full screen 90hz display will make you want to go back to your phone again and again. It's smooth, it's amazing in a layman's term. If you're a gamer, prefer watching movies on your phone you'll definitely love it.2. Camera: Camera quality is superb and I personally feel is at par with iPhone XI and outdoes iPhone in several conditions3. Battery: It offers a superb battery back-up lasting whole day without heavy usage. Even with the heavy usage the battery drain is quite slowCons: None so far.I know One Plus 8 is around the corner but if you're a fan of full screen display then One Plus 7 Pro is a go to phone, because speculations are rife that One Plus 8 will feature a punch hole display which I personally feel is a step back.\n", "\nDisplay - 10/10Sound quality - 10/10Battery - 10/10Fast charging - 10/10 ( But it heats up sometime during charging but not always , so might be running background apps issue )Performance - 9/10Day Camera - 8/10 ( not including GCam )Low light Camera - 9/10Camera in pro mode (9/10)Fingerprint - 8/10 ( once or twice a week it actually lits up but doesn't work )Call voice quality - 9/10Touch and scrolling - 9.5/10 ( Edge could have been used better so it's 9.5)Liked features -Performance is awesome and on screen fingerprint is so fast .You can actually clicks awesome images using pro mode if you are photography freak.Bugs are continuously being taken care with software updates.(3 times till now).Everytime charged . Great battery and flash charging.Bonus **** popup selfie camera is fab awesome. And yes it's durable with motion sensor works good. I have tested it a lot by dropping the phone.Cons -Price is too high for sure.Full glass back that can shatter easily with 2-3 drops .No 3.5 mm jack . Type C convertor is inconvenient to use.Case provided is of so average quality\n", "\nAn amazing phone with everything you need.It provides an ultimate user experience with 90hz display everything is so smooth never experienced lag yet.Fingerprint reader is fast but 1 in 10 times it might not recognize your fingerprint and that's okay one can settle with that.It is much better than the gaming phones out there with fnatic mode and the display it is just perfect.The camera was good with some minor issues when i received the phone but after the update the camera experience has been alot better.It provides me a screen on time of around 5-6 hours  which is quite good because i am a heavy user.*All in all this phone justifies it's pricing*\n", '\nI bought a oneplus 7pro and i was happy but oneplus doesnt provide type c to 3.5 mm jack.. i have managed by not having audio jack in phone but why didnt u give the connector in the box content.. I was vry disappointed with oneplus... I have paid 49k for a phone and i didnt get a type c to 3.5 mm jack connector!! This is vry disappointing..\n', "\nEverything is great about the phone except for a few things.1. Due to curved edged screen, touching at undesired points becomes eminent, which leads to opening apps randomly which I don't want to.2. Adobe Acrobat Reader Pro gets stuck if the file size is beyond 2 MB, even with 8 MB RAM!3. Screen guard which comes with the phone by default, is of quite poor quality. Mine got worn and torn within first 3 weeks.But apart from the above, the phone's performance, battery, camera, sound, speed - everything is just great! Despite the minor flaws, I am loving this one!\n", "\nIf there's one thing that caught my eye when my colleague bought this phone is the display. It was a stunning 2k+ Quad HD display after all. It then lead me to look for video reviews from the youtube experts. It turns out, they did appreciate the display and phone. It's amongst the best displays on a phone in recent times and it's a Samsung panel.Pros of this phone:1. Ultra smooth beautiful quad hd screen with a 90 Hertz display. It is 6.67 inches in size including the curved edges. It's great for social media,videos which can render in 1440p if available and for reading too. It also does not have a notch and you pretty much love it.2. Battery life with a 4000 MAH battery is great when you consider that you use a 90 Hz refresh vivid qhd screen. Your could switch to 60 Hz but nah. :)3. Back cameras do a good job in capturing pics. An yet to really test them. The front 16 mp pop up camera works well. It's a good camera setup.4. It's got the SD 855 processor and it's butter smooth and fast.5. With the oxygen OS, it delivers near stock Android experience. It will very soon be upgraded to 10.6. Warp charging: it's got crazy fast charging compared to op6 which I have before this and 90% will get your through the day and more.7. The on screen finger print sensor is great to use.Cons:1. It's a heavy phone at 200 grams. You will take a week to get used to it since we all are so adaptive.2. It's got a curved display with curved edges. Accidental Ghost touches do occur from time to time. Also, your need to be careful. If you drop it face down, it will fall on the screen side given its weight and with the curved edges, there is a chance to break.3. With the launch of the OP7t, One plus has diluted the significance of this phone. We Indians are price conscious and the OP 7t costs 7k lower than each of the OP 7 pro models even after prices dropped on the 7 plus pro (OP 7 pro costs 4k lesser than when launched 6 months ago).Update: just found that there's a One Plus 7t Pro launching on October 10th 2019. With it, this will be definitely be the undisputed OP Flagship.4. For the price, no type C to 3.5 mm jack connector in the box, no type C ear phones, no wireless charge, no waterproof certification but you do get a case.Verdict:If you want the great screen, FHD+ 2K+ display, 90 Hz refresh and notch less design, go for the one plus pro. If you want most of what pro has, a balanced phone, some additional features and are ok with the 2k display and notch screen design, go for One plus 7t which is a super budget flagship killer too.\n", '\nVery bad service of amazon there is no content service .There is a option to call but no one call me .Sepaker hv problem sometimes . Suddenly Stop working.Ppl Complan that thr is some eco or damage voice and n mic .Please help\n', "\nSo I changed from iOS to Android ,previously used iPhone 8 what a great phone it was no complaints coming to one plus 7pro at first I was apprehensive about this phone whether to buy or not after thinking a lot finally bought this one , I don't use camera that much so issues there , finger print scanner has small issues but it's okay , coming to screen larity it is the best . Over all it's a good phone for one year use .. rest is best ..\n", "\nI was skeptical on whether to buy it or not but ended up buying it. I was not expecting much but it surprised me because of it's blazing fast speed and excellent performance. I recommend you guys to buy it. You will not be disappointed\n", "\nPhone is simply Superb. Camera, screen, speed, quality and look and feel.Only area of improvement is battery. But yeah, with this performance you won't be disappointed with buying a power bank for this phone.And Warp charging is soooooper fast.\n", '\ni face many problems and getting frustrated because of  many issue likealthough big ram but still it hangs . touch pad working automatically even after screen lock...the screen lock is not working and you can unlock with only one up swap...and automatically dailed numbers....\n', "\nAm requesting for mobile lovers who need something new in mobile please leave this don't buy one plus. If u buy you will suffer like me promise. No options in this mobile . In this generation even 10000 mobile also giving lots of special settings in mobile but one plus fails . And I get very bad experience with full screen display also how silly thing this was . Who given this one plus as a flag ship shameless.\n", '\nI would like to thanks One plus for launching this amazing mobile..camera is awesome , beyond expectation.. especially the night mode.. battery back is good..touch screen is like butter...overall I will suggest this is best smart phone I have ever seen around me..I am sharing this after using around 15 days...\n', "\nThe phone was delived in best possible conditon. Thanks Amazon and the vendor for not disappoing me.Looks wise, phone is amazing!!The first problem is the weight. It weighs around 208 g, heavier than a normal phone but now i am used to it...The screen is curved and looks fantabulous..such a huge screen with amazing display catches plenty of eye-balls every single day.No notch ( best possible feature of this phone)Since I have used Samsung Galaxy S7 edge for past 4 years therefore this phone is a piece of cake for me...no accidental touches and nothing.The 90 Hz display makes it smooth like butter..I phone users also complimented me that your phone works like an I phone (extremely happy).The transparent cover make the phone look weird so I switched to a glass cover that made my phone look super good...I recommend to ditch that transparent cover and keep it for emergency.Remember cover is extremely important for curved screen. Without cover you may end up breaking you screen. If it fall flat on floor nothing would happen but if it fall from any of the edge...( Even God won't be able to save it)..make sure to cover all four edge and you are good to go!!As far as charger is concern, I am super happy with it..It charges the phone in an hour from zero to 100%. However, if charges from zero to 50% in 20 min and subsequently its speed drops from going 50 to 100%. Weird ...but true!A single charge can last throughout the day on weekdays and if you use it thoroughly (like on weekends) then 5 hours I suppose.Battery isn't a great deal here but it is compromisable because to it's charging speed.Specs wise...i don't find anything new while switch from Samsung flagship to this..but definely getting all the features of a Samsung flagship at such a low price is praiseworthy.Pop up camera is something I love the most!!Back cameras are also nice, but you need to learn, how and when to use it. Once you understand it well you can get most out of it..Adaptability is important factor here..Moreover photography requires lot of mental abilities and skills...it's is always tiring for me...so I always need a phone that can click best pic in auto mode...but this phone disappoints me here.Anyways..the front camera is little weird and I don't like selfies here...but still optimisable!For a normal used these problem won't make much a difference.If you know a little bit of photography then it's camera setup can compete with flagship phones of Samsung and i-phone. But if you are a normal user than you might not able to click mind- blowing picture with it...The face recognition works even faster than fingerprint scanner...loved it...so convient but cost potential security threats...Fingerprint scanner also works super fast if it recognise your finger well...But not the case with me...I need to touch twice or thrice...I think I need to re-register my thumb and figure in a same way I use it in phone to avoid such problem...Overall....at Rs 43 k I strongly recommend it...and you won't regret it after buying this phone..!!Explore you tube videos (tips and tricks) to discover all hidden feature of this phone and to extract most out of it...\n", '\nPro & Cons for One Plus 7Pro:-Pros:1. I am a great fan of One Plus and i have been using one plus5 from last 2 year so there is no question of phone getting lagging issue or anything like that, but when i received my One Plus 7Pro lagging word is simply unavailable in my dictionary.2. About fingerprint scanner it is quiet good but just hopping to be little faster, (Personal opinion) may be it is because of on display scanner some micro seconds delayed would be there.3. Popup camera is best in class, face recognition is simply awesome.4. Battery backup is ok you get whole-day utilization time if you are a frequent user.5. Last thing the built quality & design is simply awesome. One has to be only careful for accidentally dropping on backside & on display corners because of it curve display.Cons:-1. No headphone jack 3.5mm one has to buy c-type converter or c-type headphone.2. Its very difficult to put tempered glass for curve screen mobiles i have tried twice perfect fitting is impossible.\n', '\nThis phone is an absolute gem barring a few minor issues.Pros:Super fast (including charging)Great selfie camera buildSmoothBrilliant displayBattery lifeCons:No headphone jack (buy a USB type C to headphone jack converter)No external drive slotFingerprint sensor is not as fast as the rest of the featuresI will try to give a detailed review after using it for a month or so. Thank you for your time.\n', "\nOnePlus 7 Pro - A Better Phone (As they say)OnePlus has revamped its phone completely. Whether its Screen, Processor, Camera, or even vibration motor.Here is my review for the phone.The Nebula Blue color looks amazing but it will be available from 28th May. So i got the Mirror Grey. Initial impressions are highly impressive. You don't get a phone in the boz. You get a massive screen. A huge 6.7' screen with no notch, no cutout, Just full screen. Viewing media on this beautiful gadget without any restriction is a great feeling.Pros:Quad HD+ Curved Display. Its massive, Its Quad HD, It have 90hz refresh rate, And yeah its beautiful Amoled.Dual Stereo Speaker with Dolby Atmos. Super loud sound clarity.Snapdragon 855. Faster than your blink.Camera. By far the best camera setup of OnePlus. I won't say its better than x y or z bt yeah its a flagship level quality. U can click awesome pictures with good details. Video stabilization is simply amazing as always OnePlusUFS 3.0 - Guys it is a mad thing. It makes the phone superfast. Transferring files like snap.Battery. Its 4000mAh guys. You can easily get 5-6 SOTCons :Its huge. One hand use not possible.Its heavy.No type-c to 3.5mm dongleThat's all.\n", '\nBest budget smartphone in $700 price range. It is true to its class " the flagship killer". Only drawback i could find was that it is too large for single hand use  and battery consumption on daily usage although that can be justified by the presence of a 90hz display. Other than that a solid smartphone , feels premium in the hand with glass back and state of the art pop up selfie camera. I guess oneplus is living up to it\'s name and their motto "Never Settle".\n', '\nvery good mobile , must buy who have 50k budget for a phone, no problems faced on this phone. cons no 35 mm jack , camera software need a real upgrade. caution : buy solid back and front cases along because my mobile back broke from one feet fall in a week.\n', "\nIt's a good phone I simply loved it the performance is awesome it's fast and smooth SD 855 rocks, the looks of the phone is great. I have ordered the phone on 16th at 12:00pm and got it on 17th at 2:00pm till now no problems in the phone.\n", "\nPlease dont buy this product this have many bugs and still they are not improved1. Sometimes volume get decreased and then need restart to fix2. Faceunlock doesn't work in dark3. Many apps crash (clash of clan , snapchat)4. App unclock cant be different from screen unlock5. While call notification centre opens\n", '\nI really don\'t understand when I read bad reviews about this phone. I think most of the people don\'t know how to use the phone and get better performance and they complain the phone. They don\'t know how to click the pictures and then again complain the phone. In India we say "Naach naa aawe aangan tedha".I am writing this after using 30 days my phone and I\'m really impressed with its look, performance, camera and the best thing is update to oxygen 10 os. It\'s really the gift for the oneplus users. You\'ll love its features.No complain about this phone and I request you all to ignore the negative reviews of it.\n', '\nIt has been only one month of my purchase . There are many gliches in the 12 gb varient . Sometime app closed on its own . One day camera app was closed on its own but the front camera still open  . In my 7 pro  alam was set on its own but in clock app nothing is showing , I talk to oneplus support they suggested me to reset the phone . In one month only i have to reset my 7 pro  , let see how many times in future i have to do and how many times i have to visit oneplus service center.Very disappointed with oneplus\n', '\nreally impressed by its built quality , the way they packed and display brilliance . Screen is plain with no disturbance , 90hz display is a beast. , In one word One of its kindPros:Built qualityScreenLoading speedDisplayConnectivityStereo soundDolby AtmosNear stock android , oxygen isApplication performancesCall clarityCons:I am not a big lover on onscreen fingerprintPopup camera is not my choiceNo speed dial in dialer app , as of miuiSettings search is not perfectBit big for one hand operationsBig in size and weight\n', '\nThough the technology is advanced in connection with Android version, the quality of phone {volume knob coming out poor quality of output while speaking cant hear it is very low output,  while talking it is automatically switching on torch light and going to aeroplane mode proximity sensor poor and totally poor performance. i am regretting buying this phone shelling huge amount for this worthless mobile.\n', '\nPhone build is good. Takes some time to get used to the device after using Samsung for the last 7 years. Have been using for almost 2 months and it has got stuck/hung a couple of times. Several times when a dialled number could not connect I would get  loud beeping sound and no way to turn it off other than to restart the phone! The phone dialer disappears mid way sometimes so no way to use dialer features during the call including disconnecting the call - this is quite irritating. Expected a better finger print reader.\n', "\nWhat can I say?!This phone's simply Awesome!Killer performance, spectacular display and amazing camera clarity after the updates (but still needs improvement), warp charging and many other features..Overall, it's a nice phone!\n", "\nApple is apple no one compares wth iphone. Don't take out while rain is coming it's not working properly on tht time lyk fog was coming inside the camers. And nw finger print , auto rotation is not working in my phone.\n", "\nFirst of all, Let's talk about Negative FirstI should say that Oneplus Copied the Design from Samsung and This truly looks like S9 or something like that, its edge Display is the worst implementation, Overall Designiis good, but coming to Screen its really annoying why Oneplus opted for this. Who want a curved display..? If some one wants they will buy a Samsung.2. Weight if the product, it's really heavy this is also may be because if copying from Samsung.3. Warp Charger, it's to make us fools, really, when Charging Oneplus 6T and 7Pro, we surely notice that warp charger is another normal oneplus charger as both charges at same speed, what's the use of warp Circuit..? Still the speed is decent enough but not satisfactory for its name.4. Popup Camera, Of course Design wise it is an asset, but if Safety of Camera Considered then Popup camera takes out the points. If course they shown some circus tricks by weighing some stone to it, but they never shown how many times the motor can handle up and down of it..? If you use face unlock, that little thing pops up minimum 50 times a day and in long run.. Can it withstand..?Here Punch Hole Display is true Winner.Now coming to positives.1. Excellent Display, if we eliminate that edge Display fi a while and feel the 90hz Fluid AMOLED Display, then we really feel the smoothness of it, just like butter, and the Delivery of saturation, whites everything is natural and with vivid option it looks astonishing.2. Both Front and Rear Cameas work like pro, front camera gives pics with over Sharpness may be issue with resolution, but after processing they are good. Coming to Rear Camera, wide angle lens are not Doing its job perfectly, may be software issue, but still Potrait or normal works great, Quality is too good.3. In screen Fingerprint works really great, fast and no need to search for sensor.4. Battery Life, With Heavy Usage, 8hrs, with Moderate Usage,16hrs, with Normal Usage, 20+ hours and I got more than 48 hours of life with Light Usage. Battery backup is Decent when we combine all the draining factors like 6.6 inch Display, In Screen Finger Print, Quad HD Display, 90hz Refresh Rate and all.5. NO need to say about Performance, 855 processor says it all.Overall, It's a beast with some Drawbacks and I personally feel Oneplus crossed its limits by pushing its flagship killer mark to Flagship Competitor, Oneplus itself bought its destruction, sooner or later its greediness to takeover the market makes it vulnerable and make it extinct, I think this is my Last Oneplus Device as surely they will go beyond 60k from next mobile.They say some Quality Comes with a price to pay..My question is why can't this be applied to Samsung and Apple when Oneplus introduced Oneplus One..?Am writing This review after using the mobile for 4 days.Thank you.\n", '\nFirst of all I am already a user of One plus 3T so i had lot of expectations from one plus 7 pro. The amazon delivery time is awesome. I ordered one evening and it got delivered next day morning. The look and feel is great..there seems to be some problem with the finger print sensor . Camera is good.\n', '\nThe camera quality is not good , the details are less sharper than my previous vivo v 9. I am very much disappointed as they boast so much about camera in ads. But the display is amazing. Battery drains fast\n', '\nHi All,Here below i have put some point about the One Plus 7 Pro (8GB RAM +256 GB storage) after using about 20 Days. I hope this will be informative for you.Pros1) It looks very stylish and slightly curved display is added beauty of this mobile.2) Display/Screen is large and give ultimate movie/video Experience3) I did use the 1+ 6 earlier as well so comparison to that it\'s far better than if i compare the sound quality. it Gives 3D sound effects4) Vibration intensity is quite good5) Charging speed is good, But to get the 100% charge it takes long time6) Rear Camera is very good, But Video/Image stabilization is less than one plus 6, and slow motion video requires high lights, capturing motion object is not good. but wide image capturing and day light shots still will not disappoint you.7) Front camera here is pop up camera so according to me for the selfie you do not need to clean Everytime... so i like it personally8) Storage is enough to handle your data9) Data transfer rate via cable or Wireles is fast, But also produce heat10) Finger Print is OK, I will not say bad but its not lightening fast11) overall it\'s good product will not disappoint you when you will go for thisCons Hardware is strong but there are some software problem which i face i will mention here... its not a show stopper but One Plus need to look into this.1) If you remember one plus 6 that gives alphabet reflection  "S" on its glass panels and it was added style... but One plus 7 they didn\'t provided that kind of reflection.... i am not happy with that2) No accessories like earphones with the box3) I purchased type C bullets earphone from one plus but it is not smooth to insert and move out from type C port4) Pre applied screen protector there is bubble in curved corner.. So i think  it will not work for me for long time :(5) Now come to the software isssue- Screen Auto Brightness is not well tuned- Rotation sensors is not work well some time you need to slap the mobile to work the same :(- Rotation sensors not works for all mode of example if you are looking some file from the file manager  and you want to horizontal look into that so that will not work- Supposed you have opened the WhatsApp and suddenly call come then you will not able to who is calling and what number its you need to click on that-When call is active in SIM 1 you will not receive mesg on SIM 2 , I faced this issue many time i used to disconnect the call to get that message- When i put my mobile in pocket and when i move out from my pocket it says to many wrong or incorrect Finger attempt kind of message.. so I guess may be pocket sensors is not there or i have not enabled some settings on it- There are many other software issue i observed which i faced i dont want to make this post lengthy by this so moving next-Screen recoder should work in background, but here it gives dot symbol, So what if i want to record activity on my mobile in hidden way ? there is no option6) Cover is good fited but to charge the mobile you need to move out  the plastic cover from type C port but after using 20 days shape has changed of that and its not covering any more type C port, then why they haven\'t cut that piece which is almost unused. its very annoying to see that pieceNote : These above software issue points should not stop you to buy this product... These are minor problem that can be rectified by newer updateand i want to appriciate and wish good luck to One Plus and it\'s team for this product. Such a nice product.\n', '\nWorth every buck.Finally one plus has involved and presented a better shaped handset.- Amazing display quality and the curved edged display.- Best in class camera.- Better battery life and charging\n', "\nFingerprint is very fast and accurateCamera is not so good for 52k but it does its jobPhone its self very fast and smooth no lag at allThat's good battery backup...Charges completely in 76 minutes,\n", "\nThe screen size and viewing has just spoiled me.The bezeless screen with curved display is really to die for. I don't know if I can ever go back from this screen to any other device now.The processing speed is really really good.It doesn't slow down when it is dying in battery or if 4-5 apps are running in parallel. Processing is just flawless.When I was buying this phone, I was continuously told that camera is something u won't like. However, to my surprise till now the images taken are just amazing.Really love the portrait mode and wide angle feature on this. So amazing.Overall mobile feels really premium in your hands.Must recommended buy if this comes under your budget.\n", '\n\xa0Please see the attached video. This was my first oneplus purchase. I purchased it on 20th Oct in sale and prepaid 42000. Got it on 24th and as you see it had faulty Android and hanging issue. I was unable to do even initial setup. NOW AMAZON REMOVED THEIR RETURN POLICY. so you can not directly return it, one TAPORI technician will come and he will check whether mobile is really having any issue or not. Trust me he was one of the most unprofessional person I met in my life. But some how he understood my problem and forwarded the issue to Amazon team. So now my replacement will come in next week.CONCLUSION: I paid 42000 on 20th Oct and I got working mobile on 4th of Nov. This is worst service by Amazon and worst product of Oneplus. Never gone buy any oneplus product again.\n', '\nI bought it for my friendCamera AwesomePerformance MindblowingLook ShinyPrice Not ok with thatFingerprint Very responsiveBattery life upto 8hrsBest in class camera\n', '\nOne Plus 7 Pro has brilliant specifications. Camera zooms upto 10x. Took a photo of the moon not a single pixelation in image when zoomed at 100%.\n', "\nI have been using this phone for almost 7months now, I upgraded from Nexus 6P and this is my first oneplus phone.The screen is excellent and it is the biggest USP of this phone. It is a breeze to use this phone, UI is uncluttered and minimalist.However, the worst part of this phone is FINGERPRINT SCANNER which ruins the entire experience of using the phone. They snapped on a half baked technology called optical fingerprint scanner, more than 50% time it doesn't work. I tried multiple times deleting and enrolling again, it did not improve. It is not that it doesn't work but it is unpredictable when it won't work. Imagine you try to unlock the phone using finger and it doesn't work on repeated attempts and you have to finally enter the PIN to unlock the phone. Imagine having this repeat 15-20 times a day !! All this with a clean thumb, if you got wee bit of dust or dirt on your finger, just forget it !!. For example, after you open your car door and get in, I can guarantee that the phone unlock wont work, a little bit of dust on the door handle is enough to kill this. I am truly frustrated with this, my nexus 6P had physical scanner on the back and it never failed; instant unlock every single time, may be it didn't work once in a million attempts.To circumvent this problem, I can't use face unlock either! because this has got a pop up camera that needs to pop up do a face unlock, the phone throws a warning if you retract the pop up camera a few times. I originally intended to keep the phone for 3 years but now I am so frustrated that I am looking to move to a Samsung or something better.\n", "\nSo been using it for a week and a half or so ,here's the layman review the kind I would've wanted to read here in the review sectionPro's-SCREEN- so good you'll find it hard to keep the phone away from you for even a little while .It's butter like crazy smooth.DISPLAY- be it qhd or fhd things are way above par a premium experience warm and subtle bright colors soothe your eyes enhanced by the resolution options offered by the phone . It's 'For your eyes only '.CHARGE- it's 'warping' fast I charge my phone at 5% mark and 30 minutes later it is 65 % so the One plus did good on the promise . The brick is beast of a charging plug.REFRESH RATE - ITS 90 Hz or nothing that's how fantastic that refresh is . 60Hz doesn't disappoint either  , the difference between the two is not too much but you definitely feel surfing a wave while sliding down and up it'll be a whole new time pass .lolCAMERA- nightscape mode and normal photo mode are super cool crisp and subtle pics to impress anyone . The pop up selfie camera gives a clean and cool selfie . So pop it like you work itOthers- no heating issues did play pubg on 90 Hz and qhd lasted me 3.5 hrs on what was the best pubg experience thus far . The only reason i reinstalled pubg after quitting it last year was to check the limits of the specs offered by the phone and it superceded it in everyway possibleCONS-BATTERY- 90 Hz and qhd will take a toll on your phone .battery life is disappointing kind of but given high end specs you get at this price plus the warp charge I think the company made its warp charging knowing that .With high end spec it lasts about 4-5 hrs extensive use like gamingWith 90hz and fhd about 5-6 he extensive to moderate use .60 hz and fhd -5-7.5 hrs with extensive to moderate useHANDLING-depends on your hands me being a 6'3 didn't find it difficult at all.CAMERA- even after the update the portrait mode is disappointing depth effect has played a spoil sport .NO DONGLE(SCREW YOU ONE PLIS FOR THAT ;). )NO HEADPHONE JACK (DOUBLE SCREW YOU)Overall go for it just the best experience this flagship has to offer in range of 49k to 53 k .NOTE - DO NOT REMOVE THE GLASS ON THE SCREEN THAT IS THERE BY DEFAULT IT IS THE BEST ONE YOU'VE GOT FOR A LONG WHILE WILL DO JUSTICE\n", '\nDo not peel off original screen protector that comes with phone.. reason is currently no screen guards are available and most of glass screen protectors dont work..Rest of the things as you already know.One less star because I received the piece with one noticeable scratch on the screen.Over all worth buying for sure.\n', '\nWhere do i start! Ok one week down the lane, this phone to begin with looks spectacular, atleast from the screen and display point of view i dont know what could better this now. Next up, The 90hz refresh rate makes your phone feel buttery and you will love it(comes at a negotiable cost of reduced battery life) . It\'s alright though since it\'s powered with a WARP charger that works like a charm. Talking about cameras now, pop-up camera adds to the elligence of this phone. The picture qulities are stunning at times. I have tried macro photo graphy with this one and the details it can catch are just terrific to believe. 4k recording is excellent, stability is alright!! At this price (42k) it\'s almost unreal as to what this phone has to offer. Nebula blue color makes this gadget look like out of this planet. Let\'s not even get into specification. Because it\'s all just "beyond the speed". One amazing product!!\n', '\nSpeakers are good. Screen is good.But performance is getting worse.. Multitasking is impossible, if i open a notification and go back to previous opened app it starts all over again. Mi phones have better multi tasking than this i felt.If i get a phone call, and go back to opened app same happens.\n', "\nI bought it few days ago and I am so impressed with it's performance.I am telling you all the things that I came across.Firstly I bought it at the price of 39999 rs.But I exchanged my old phone for which I got 4950 rs exchange .Thanks to OnePlus's 3000 extra cash back offer.I paid through sbi credit card and I received 2500 cash back instead of 2000.im surprised when I saw it.Firstly im talking about display.Display is so smooth and fluidy. 90 Hz refresh rate works amazing.I mostly life qhd instead fhz.Battery life is very good after update.Warp charger works very well.charges very quicky.Camera performance also great.Little bit improvement needed in front cam.Sliding mechanism also runs smoothly. detect fall very quickly.No lag issue found while playing heavy games.Little bit heating issue.but no worry about it.Curve glass looks premium.no disadvantages found.Oxygen os gives u such amazing experience that other os doesn't .So finally.My honest review.which I felt.{Display}  --  4.8/5{Camera}  --  4.5/5{Battery}.  --  4.5/5{Performance}  --  4.8/5{Looks}.  --  4.6/5{OS}.  --  4.9/5{Pubg}  --  4.8/5{Fin.scn}  --  4.8/5\n", "\nThe phone is just wonderful! Although the phone was released almost exactly a year ago, it shows no sign of slowing down. The screen is just wonderful, and at its current price point, it's a bargain. Flagship quality for half the price. It misses out on very few features (like wireless charging, but I wouldn't really have used it with Warp Charge, so no complaints from me here) and the camera isn't the best (much better from when it was initially released, the camera captures everything quite naturally, if you give it good lighting though. Low light photography isn't great (especially compared to the iPhone 11 Pro, although that costs over twice what this one costs.) The screen is absolutely mesmerizing! Gets quite bright, but not the brightest. Not overally saturated, color reproduction is quite accurate. In-display fingerprint scanner is as fast as any normal fingerprint scanner, which is great news. OxygenOS is clean and beautiful. An awesome wrapper over android. No bloatware (except a couple of Oneplus Apps which come pre-installed, which are usually deletable). Overall, the best value for money right now (and for the near future as well). Do buy this over the Oneplus 7t or the 8!Enough said about the phone, the delivery process was quite disappointing. Amazon delivery agents don't know how to handle the exchange process. They have no idea how to navigate through the process specified, and wasted almost half an hour of my time, just to give me my phone. I've faced a similar issue with another phone I got delivered recently, and the experience this time around was even worse. Hope they change it soon.\n", "\nLet's start with the first thing that you would notice - size.It's a big phone, yeah. But, after 2 weeks you won't notice. It will feel just perfect in hand (if you don't use a cover on this). With a cover, it's still alright. And yeah, I've been using Galaxy S7 and Lg G7, meaning small phones, always. So yeah, size won't bother you and it feels as premium as a phone can get.Next, Display - I compared the display to S10, S10 Plus, Note 9, Pixel, iPhone. I love this display in every aspect. Everything will always look better. Maybe because of the larger size or actual display quality, I don't know. It's the best I've had. Outdoor visibility is a little less (only when you compare with others), but it will get the job done easily.Battery - Do not go through online review. It'll last a full day easily on heavy use. I'm getting a day and a half - 4 hrs Sot with 32-38 hrs or 7+ hours sot on weekends with a 18-22 hrs standby. Even it doesn't; You won't ever feel it. Charges in no time, Doesn't heats up while charging (even when you're using it). It's getting better after each day.Camera - Again, getting better after each update. I'm on android 10 open beta preview and you get all the features that you want. Every function enabled on each sensor. Default setting is great, detailed images, perfect balance. And, when you want to tweak, Pro mode is there. You don't need anything else when it comes to cameras. Btw, when comparing the pictures between S10 and 7 Pro, you'll like the 7 pro just cause of the display.Performance - Do I really need to review this? Just cut the animation scale to 0.5x in developer mode and it feels crazy. Not a single hiccup so far. This is the best performer in the industry.You won't get better experience than this. You may buy other flagships because you though the camers might be better or battery or blah blah. This the best thing in the market right now. Or, just wait for the 7T pro. 1 months maybe. Best thing ever.But, get a framless cover for 500, it will maintain the sleek feel of the phone. Don't try any uv screenguards, they are horrible. Use the stock screenguard or simple protectors.Cheers!\n", "\nThe phone is super amazing.. It is a little heavy compared to other models from One Plus but that's not a complaint as the phone is real fast with great and simple features.. The finger print scanner is not that great as most of the times I have to input my password due to lockage from trying several times. I think they need to work a lot on this.. Camera quality is super good and even the night pictures turn out to be fabulous.Has a great battery life.. Based on my usage I'm getting around 12-15 hours.. But I need not to worry as the phone charges super quick.!Initially there were a few call drops but I think the issue is fine now..The best part about the phone is it's speakers! Dolby surround is just out of the World and you get a theater experience while watching videos or even music for that matter..OnePlus could have provided some basic headphones with this phone as it does not have a jack.. But i think you can get a good wireless headphone for around 2000 which will solve your problem..\n", "\nSeamless navigation, good low-light images and above all wonderful OS. A real flagship-killer.You can always research,review and compare but unless you use this phone or see anyone using it,you just can't comprehend the massive leap in class this phone brings in an average price-tag.Above all,you just can't have the best of everything but you can come close to eternity...that's OnePlus 7 Pro for you.Regarding delivery and packaging,Amazon never ceases to amaze and I candidly have never been so excited on seeing a package such smoothly arranged and sturdy being handed over.Besides, OnePlus has a tie-up with amazon.in and thus the product is genuine.(PS- Will add more images and a detailed review as I get time.)\n", '\nWaited 5 year to buy new phone after using Samsung note 3.Can say it was worth waiting.With this price tag and feature I consider this as perfect purchase.Main feature.Screen A+Speed SD 855Looks..even mirror grey look perfect90hz refresh rateBatteryDisappointedCameraScreen is quiet large\n', "\nThe worst experience. You can't play heavy games like PUBG and COD and even use Youtube for a long time because there comes over heating! They say there is a cooler inside.. But. I don't feel so. Screen keeps freezing while I play games due to this heating problem. Other apps keep closing automatically! I couldn't even share pics via WhatsApp cuz it started to load the pic forever! Still my hands are heating.. Never ever buy this crap.. go for a Samsung seriously.\n", "\nWas waiting for a good deal on S10, meanwhile OP7Pro was launched so I bought it on the first day it started selling, Amazon delivered the same day. Great service. I received and installed 2 updates, and having used it for a week plus, I can say it's been a mixed experience. Some features work well, others dont. So here's my impression for you.Good:1. Large and sharp LED screen with good legibility. Watching videos is fun. The on screen FP sensor is fast and conveniently located, no delays or misses.2. Dual speakers with clear sound, though music quality through speakers is just about OK.3. Fast and zippy, be it apps, games or file transfers. Doesnt get hot while playing games or charging4. Really fast charging. Fully charged in an hour!5. Oxygen OS is minimal and easy to use. The popup selfie camera is quicker than I expected.6. Haptic feedback is very refined. I used to turn it off on phones. On this one, it's on.The bad:1. The curved edges make it more slippery and the image on the edges reflect and appear distorted, any element there is hard to touch. Collects fingerprint marks easily. I dont find the missing notch makes any huge difference in my usage.2. There is no headphone socket on the phone, no USB-C headphone or adapter in the box3. The selfie camera is average, The rear triple camera setup isnt great as advertised. The main camera is good but gives inconsistent results.The Ugly1. Handling the phone because of it's weight, size and top heaviness, slipperiness.2. Battery life is a shame for a 4000mAh. Bringing down refresh rate and screen resolution made it a bit better, but it's still a one day phone at best.3. Wide angle lens is low on detail, not too wide yet creates distortion4. Not VFM at this price. Its should have been 6-8k cheaper for that.My impression is, this is a phone that only huge screen lovers should go for. The rest should wait for OP7, check if its battery life isnt as bad as this, and go for 8/256 version, still saving 11k over oneplus 7 pro. Else wait for s10/s10+ discount sale. I regret I didnt wait for S10 to be discounted.\n", '\nBang for the buck, superb design, top quality speaker, fantastic camera, just one drawback no 3.5mm headphone jack, but expect that  FANTASTIC DEAL\n', "\nWith standard use the phone simply died within a month form purchase. Something that you don't expect with a 52k flagship. I have logged a ticket with support and only the resolution they provide may help change the rating..\n", "\nI've spent the last 3 days using the 8GB variant OnePlus 7 Pro, and this is my favorite OnePlus phone to date.Pros• Silky smooth and sharp AMOLED screen• Powerful Performance• Stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos sound great• Pop-up camera doesn't feel gimmicky• Responsive in-display fingerprint scanner• Curved edges doesn't distort content around the edges that much  unlike Samsung's• Decent low-light photos• Great design and build quality• impressive fast-charging battery (WARP charge)Cons• No headphone jack• little bit on the heavier side• not so good battery life (when using display at 90Hz refresh rate)\n", "\nCamera quality is not good as one plus advertise in their website.  Display is outstanding. Fingerprint sensor is good. Getting an average of one day battery life if it is fully charged. Speakers are not up to the mark. There is  No wireless charging, no IPS certification and still one plus is saying this phone is a flagship killer. I can agree this product is one of the fastest mobiles in the planet. But, if you are not a heavy game player, there is no point in this. Just go for other  less expensive Chinese phones like Mi or vivo.  The price range  is absolutely ridiculous...!  Don't loss your reputation among youngsters like me..Please..\n", '\nThere are lots of issues with one plus 7 pro.1. Camera(front & back) quality is not good. It doesnt even look like 20mp against 48mp.2. Battery -fully charged one is draining in half day(no new apps installed rather than in-built apps)Conclusion: Not worth Rs. 50000/,  Need Return\n', "\nI'm using this device from last few days. Device is more or less ok. 1+ should enable super slowmotion in nex ot update. and camera quality is not good as they said... battery could be perform better if 1+ improve their os/app optimization very well. 1+ should provide headphone jack adapter in the box...\n", "\nI've changed to different brand of phones...vivo, iPhone X, Xiaomi Poco F1...and my honest review is, this is the best Android smartphone, the best phone I've ever used. The display, sound, Refresh rate, camera and etc are just superb. Delivery was good and phone is in perfect condition. For those who want to buy, don't hesitate... you should try be one of the family members of OnePlus family.\n", "\nEarlier i used a oneplus 3t which was the best phone i bought that time....used it for almost 2.5 years,then decided to buy a latest phon from oneplus...pros and cons about 7 proPros-1.The display is mind blowing2.sd 855 ki super fast3.after few updates the phone works normally4.back glass looks awesome Cons1.the camera doesn't feel up to the mark2.the overall design is a bit bulky for normal usage3.it is hard to find a perfect glass for this phone as the company doesn't offer.4.no headphone jack and no connector provided inside the box.When i recived the phone i feel there was a fault in the touch screen sensitivity,also the fingerprint was slow.,after few updates both the problems were solved.still i believe the phone is a flagship from oneplus but fails against the flagship killers oneplus launched earlier times.I feel if u are ok with the bulky design..and want performance+gorgeous display just go for it,remember don't ever use a glass with half glue on it as the touch problems may occure...go for full glue glass...\n", "\nHeating problem is occurring in this device. Ghost touch and battery life is not good. OnePlus should provide type c headphone or a 3.5 mm audio jack. Price is too high but features are not so good. Night mode of is awesome but video recorder is so poor and limit on recording high quality videos.Dolby Atmos can attract anyone. Sound and display quality is best .But it's not what OnePlus is known for.Price should be low.\n", '\nI have used OnePlus 2 in the past, I like the near stock android  experience with the oxygen OS. The speed of carrying any task is the main attraction of this device.Though the camera is average , it actually takes good shots at times.If you are looking for that curved screens like samsung, this is a wonderful phone, but with more of accidental touches on the edges while viewing content.Charging speed is very helpful at all times.\n', '\nHeavy weight .carv display r not better handy as samsung .camara 3rd class .price not worth this phone actually same as oppo vivo\n', "\nOne plus is a reputed brand in India but this new product has really disappointed me. I had 3t as the earlier model and it was a wonderful phone from day one for me. I was so excited to use one plus 7 pro but apart from the phone's looks i liked nothing else. The camera quality does not match at all even with 6t. The touch and screen display cteates a lot of problem. On day two of using this phone, the screen suddenly turnee black. I was unable to unclock the phone or see any screen. All i could see was the clock display. And then the finger print sensors were displayed. I could not restart the phone as well for a long time. And i was traveling at that time which created a bigger problem for me. Compared to the price i paid, this phone is a big disappointment.\n", "\nI had ordered a Nebula blue one plus 7 pro. Received the device on May 31st, delivery was done efficiently, Thank you Amazon.The Nebula blue device looks beautiful. Good work Oneplus.From two days of experience (will edit comment if anything new comes up):Pros:Everything in the news hold true -1. Good looking large screen - fun to use a truly full screen phone.2. Overall build of the phone is great - thought it would be too heavy (200gm) to use but it is not so.3. Battery does hold up for up to 1.5 days on a single charge (I'm a moderate user)4. Camera is decent. I currently switch between GCam and Default camera apps depending on what I'm shooting. Better to have both installed and available for your use.Cons:Again, the news holds true.1. Ghost touches: The issues reported on ghost touches does occur. But this happens only occasionally, does not bother you much.2: Weak speaker - when set to Max phone volume, it's feels less pleasant to hear. Must ensure that it is not set at full volume.3. Phone hangs/stutters when re-used after a long break. Not sure if this is android's fault or oneplus'Current verdict: This is one of the best phones out there, pricey but effective. Go for it.\n", "\nThis is absolutely the cheapest flagship phone you could get at this price point.It's positives are1. Nearly Bezelless display2. Fluid Amoled display with curved edges.3.Super Fast charging speeds (30W)4.90HZ refresh rate5. Excellent camera setup6.Great viewing angles7.UFS 3.0 supportIts negatives are1. Not a great power house due to the 90hz display and the quad hd resolutions2. Images are soft (but can be improved with some software updates)\n", "\nIf u like to play very good quality games at smoothest rate with hdr graphics and u like lot of videos u can go aheadDownside camera us good not great ,it's heavy and long in length no wireless charging and no ip ratingU can check Asus Zenfone 6z also before buying bc of value for money Asus is offering also please visit store and check the phone weight and balance if it comfortable u can go ahead else look for other options in market like one plus 7, Asus Zenfone 6z etcPerfect for hardcore gamers and one who enjoys watching Netflix or Amazon prime in hdrCall quality is very clear but network is not greatRam management is excellent and experience of one plus oxygen is is close to stock experienceU get great software updates very regularlyBattery to max 4 to 5 hours on screen time if ur very heavy userNo gorilla glass 6 it's 5 u need temper glass mustScreen quality is excellent out of boxStereo speakers are loudNo headphone jack I really miss it and sure everyone will miss\n", '\nIt\'s not the "flagship killer" OnePlus would like it to be, but each iteration gets a little closer. It remains to be seen if subsequent models will become serious competition while remaining at the same price point.As an avid fan of mobile photo/video, this phone is usable but still not quite where I would expect it to be at this price point.All in all, it\'s an okay phone for the money, but if you\'re concerned about having quality computational photography, noise-free/artifact-free video, etc, you\'re better off going with the Pixel 4 (even my pixel 2 XL takes higher quality photo/video with far lower noise and artifacting) or spending a little more for the Galaxy.If having high quality photo or video doesn\'t rank as high on your list of needs then you will very likely really enjoy this phone and for the price I would definitely recommend it.If high quality photo/video is high on your list of needs, I recommend taking a pass on this phone; It\'s definitely not for the photo/video enthusiast.\n', '\nCompletely worth for the money. Only one flaw that such a high end phone is missing wireless charging.And maybe one plus is following iPhone suite of cashing in on the USB c convertor to headphone jack which was supplied along with one plus 6t but missing in 7 pro\n', "\nGreat phone... I was planning on purchasing the OnePlus 7T pro...  But I realized there is negligible difference in both the products... And this phone is alot cheaper than the other one...So I settled for OnePlus 7 ProA great phone.... Has tons of features... And if you're a OnePlus lover then you already know that it's worth every penny....Screen looks amazing... Pop up camera works great... onscreen Fingerprint is faster than previous OnePlus devices... Camera is not the best but it can be ranked in the top 10... Definitely better than majority of Android smart phones.. a good quality product...That's the reason it's called Pro\n", "\nIt's an amazing phone. The performance is outstanding. Little big for men pocket but overall package is awesome. Thanks OnePlus team. 😊Thanks and regards,Rishi Ratan Singh,Indian Army.\n", "\nI have purchased this phone last week.Very fast in performance with no lags at all.Battery backup also good supported with ultra fast charging.Awesome camera and screen quality.Little big in size and heavy in weight, it will take around one week to get settle and use to it. So no worries for size and weight.Overall its a must buy phone if ur budget is around 50K. Apple and Samsung can't compete with one plus quality.\n", '\nforget about the teaser where oneplus7 is dropped in water. My oneplus7pro exposed to rain for 10 mins and it started flickering and screen damaged.Request all not to take that company video seriously and be careful in monsoon season avoid taking pics with such good camera\n', "\nWithout a doubt this is yet another master piece from ONE PLUS. The only thing missing, which I think should have been included is the head phone jack. There are no cables in the one plus website as well and hence I had to buy one from a different vendor.Battery life is super good. When resource intensive apps aren't used, it can easily last for a day.Camera is better than previous versions.And the best add on is the stereo speakers. The list is long. I just love everything about the phone.\n", '\nLoving this phone.. Display is amazing, performance in mind blowing thanks to SD 855,.Feels a tad heavier because of the 5000 mAH battery especially since I have upgraded from OP 3T. Warp charge is ultra fast, but it does cause some heating which is expected..Overall feels a VFM phone.\n', '\nOver all it is a good phone. Upgrading from oneplus 3t to oneplus 7 Pro. Battery life is the best thing which I felt in this mobile. But there are a few problems with this phone which I encountered in nearly one month of usage.1) Fingerprint scanner not working sometimes :  I do not know whether it is happening to others as well, but when I try to unlock the phone, sometimes the fingerprint scanner is disabled and I have to use the pattern to unlock the screen. It happened a lot in this first one month of the usage.2) Camera is over beautifying the  pics taken. Most of the times when you click a photo, you looks over beautified than the actual person. The depth of the photo is getting compromised in this way. slightly dark colored people like me will get a shook  when you see the first photo of yourself. :D.  Also pics taken from the ultra wide lens are distorted when you zoom a little bit.\n', '\nAmazing phone from OnePlus as always. Display is just buttery smooth. I bet you have never experienced such a smooth phone. Killer camera.Beautiful phone with a well programed software. Go for it without any doubt 👍🏻.\n', '\nI bought this product because of series name 7 earlier I was using Oneplus 5 since last 2 n half year.After usage of one month .. here is my view.1. Camera is not good as they have done advertisement.2. Warp charging very fast.3. Heating hanging issue while you are using Facebook Live or Facebook Messenger.4. Selfie Camera is poor.5. Not value for money it should be around 42000 maximum  .6. Overall if you are one plus lover just wait for price drop in coming days because sale is not good of One plus 7 pro due to lots of issues and performance.\n', "\nScreen is great & treat to watch movies & videos. Don't really feel difference of 90hz. Software has glitches & apps crash sometimes. Bought fone after seeing camera ratings on Dox, but to my surprise the quality is very very average & portrait mode struggle a lot with image quality under good artificial lighting. Overall unimpressed with the fone after paying 50k. Hoping software updates will solve the issue. If want oneplus Suggest to buy cheaper 7t else of budget is good go for Samsung s10.\n", "\nI am using this phone from last 9 months and from six months every thing which is on screen constantly like battery symbols and every thing on that line embosed on screen permanently and fingerprint symbol is also visible every time i am using instagram so frequently so instagram symbol is also i on screen permanently it's like tattooed on screen I am very disappointed by that I need refund or u can replace my phone\n", '\nOne of the best phone i have ever bought. In fact i have been a fan of Oneplus since 3 years. My first phone from Oneplus was Oneplus 3 which is still performing amazing though it has been 3 years. Good thing about Oneplus 7 pro is it has got everything you need unlike the other phones which is cheap but comes with bloatware, which literally sucks. My rates are below.Camera - 9/10Speed - 10/10Sound - 10/10Resolution - 10/10Fingerprint and Face recognize - 10/10Over all - 10/10Also, the best part is i bought it when there was better offer available from Amazon, which was like 12,000. On top of this i spent about 1,500 for the screen protection which keeps it safe from the damage. Protection Pro which is made from rubber material mostly used by 3M works really well on your phones.Overall i am happy customer of amazon as well as OnePlus.\n', "\nAfter using a month Not worth it 50k, user experience is smooth but battery life is really disappointed it only last up to 3 to 4 hour if gaming 2.3 hour very bad warp charge is fake it almost take 1.3 hour even real me 3 pro charge faster it heat up while charging. Camera are not that good redmi note 7pro take same quality of image something even take a better pic than a 50k cellphone what the fcck wrong with oneplus image processing and video recording are not good in low light. Now all my frnd are trolling me is this 52k flagship cellphone .Zen mode is FCKINNNG useless my frnd use this to troll me they put without my permission there 😡 should be password. AND MOST INTERESTING FOR A MONTH I COULD NOT USE MY FCCKNG EARPHONES BECAUSE THEY REMOVE HEADPHONE JACK AND THEY DON'T PROVIDE CONVERTER DOONGLE INSIDE THE BOX ALOTS OF COST CUTTING ONEPLUS. Buy it it won't disappoint you.\n", "\nYes!!! After using this phone for around 2 months now, I have found it to be a pretty solid and a beast of a performer. The phone is snappy and pretty darn quick. The resolution is one of the best and the regular updates we get from OnePlus team is also admirable. Rest camera related opinions are always personal and not indicative of it's performance. Overall a pretty good option for those who want try out something new apart from the likes of The Samsungs, Huaweis..etc. No major or minor complaints.\n", '\nOp7 Pro Pros:OMG 😍 DISPLAY (Esp 90Hz)Good Battery lifeSimple UIFINGERPRINT scannerRegular software tweaksCons: worst cameraNo headphone jackOverall Future smartphone in hand only downside Camera\n', "\nOverhyped phone. Only having good in specs doesn't make a phone good. It is also about software running phone. I had samsung galaxy s7 which was awesome phone and after reading reviews bought this phone instead of samsung note 10. Its all regret after that. App will refuse to open up many times. Fingerprint sensor will not work seamlessly if angle change slightly. Overall user experience is not like high end mobile.\n", '\nIt feels super premium. Below are some of the points to consider before you go for this option.1. Look of the phone is just awesome. Feels like just keep staring at the screen.2. Best display i have seen till date( If you watch too many videos this is the one)3. Rear Camera is above average( not up to the mark which was claimed in launch ) Selfie camera is average4. Battery backup is good. You tube reviews say 6-7 hours screen on time. But in reality surprisingly I got more. May be because of my average using.5. Charging speed is super lightning. Delight to watch.6. Gaming experience is awesome.7. Performance. No other phone can match this performance till date.8. Near to stock android experience\n', "\nWonderful phone got it for 36.5k with exchange HDFC discount and OnePlus referral for 8gb ram 256gb rom...front camera is average back is good..almond colour is very appealing with glass body it's fragile and dropping it would b a big mistake....screen is very prone to scratches still wondering what is Gorilla glass promoted for should sue the makers for misguiding...screen is excellent using it is a charm..battery drains fast on 90hz but 60hz is not bad atal....since all China phones come from same stable all companies differentiate their products this caters to premium n feel good factor..don't chase specs it's useless sheet...check it yourself and than buy..those reviews online r paid ones so chuck those bloggers aur apni akal algao\n", '\nToo good this phone is amazing, 90 Hz refresh rate combined with fluid display and super performance by SD855, camera bundle is well integrated in its OS, Telephoto is icing on cake along with its mineral glass in aluminum casing giving it a feel of premium phone this device in whole is a complete package\n', '\nI was planning to buy an iphoneX. And then the one plus 7 pro got launched, I was so impressed with configuration and the price that I ordered it the very next day without thinking much..Must say this is one of the best Android phones in market with top notch quality in every feature. No point in wasting money in iPhones..My only problem is the round edges, wish they were straight.\n', "\nThe SCREEN of this phone is magnificent.Probably it can be its best feature. HDR10 QHD+ display 🙌The CAMERA was not as expected at first, but due to OnePlus team's extra efforts the camera has significantly improved (3-4) since launch for the camera.The BATTERY is great for a day's usage but not at the level of the P30 Pro.The BUILD QUALITY is stupendous and is at par with the top players if not better. The phone is heavier than average, which has its own pros and cons.The BUTTONS and the VIBRATION motor give good feedback.The FINGERPRINT READER is fast and you won't notice the difference between the speed of a traditional and an on-screen one.I noticed that the phone was killing apps more than expected. It started killing apps after keeping 3-4 apps in the background (6GB version).Overall, very happy with this investment.\n", '\nOne must must buy oneplus 7 pro to experience something new! Something great! Three good reason to buy it.1. Oneplus has the most active community and third party developers for support2. Best UI thats is the oxygen OS3. Best display QHD+ 6.67" 90HZ CURVED FLUID AMOLED..Super happy thank you.\n', "\n\xa0Issue 1 : Phone freezes while using and then restarts.Issue 2 : When someone calls nothing will show in the screen, if the phone is in vibration mode then it simply vibrates without showing anything and after couple of minutes it will restart and the call log will not show the called person details. Consider someone very important calls you and this situation occurs. I lost couple of my business deals because of thisIssue 3: While trying to unlocks it will freeze and then restartsVisited customer service centre (80 km away from my home town) more than 5 times1st visit : Without entering any case sheet, they told this is a software issue and flashed the device2nd visit : Collected the device and after 6 days they return said motherboard has been replaced ( Have service summary ticket with me)3rd visit : Entered another service ticket and after some days they cancelled the ticket (Have service ticket number with me)4th visit : After begging them they entered another service ticket and now it is almost 8 days. In all these days I called their customer care almost 20+ times and sent emails more than 15 times and now they are saying they can't diagnose the issue so collect the device after 5 days and after that when issue occurs submit it again.All these shows how irresponsible  and immature their service department is. Before buying this please consider you might also be one like me. Found couple of other users also reported the same issue.\n", '\nI am a fan of Oneplue. I have used most of the oneplus phones before. but this is greatest of them all.  Great screen / Great Sound. Watch hi-resolution video and audio is a delight. and overall best experience.  I have been using it for more than a week now and impressed over the upgrade I found as compared to my Oneplus 5T.  I am satisfied with this phone so far. A little bit of a higher price for Oneplus phones but Ok if you compared with other Primum brands.\n', "\nWell It's A Great Phone But Being 8 To 10 Months Old Feels Like A Bit High On Amount Also If I would Have Bought Through OnePlus Site would have Also Got Free Bullets Head Phone Though Have Raised The Complain With Both Amazon And OnePlus That Why U Give Free Bullets Ear Phones In OnePlus Site But Not In Amazon Site But Both Amazon And OnePlus Have Not Replied Yet.ReviewPhone Is ExcellentCamera A ClassPerformance Is Also GreatBuilt Quality Is SuperbNo One Can Beat Oxygen OSOnly Draw Back Battery It would Have Been 4500 or 5000 MAH I would Have Given 10 out of 10 90hrz refresh rate draws to much battery hardly works onefull day.My score 8.5 or 9 Out Of 10\n", '\nWritting this after using 1.5 months.Pros are1. built quality2. premium look3. warp charging4. camera is much better after many updates5. Stunning Display (qhd+ resolution & 90hz refresh)6. Performance (Speed, speed, speed.....)7. Very good Speakers8. Faster fingerprint sensor9. No heating issue10. Smooth UICons1. Feels bulky in hand(hard to use in one hand)2. Weight3. Not bad battery life4. Double tap wakeup misbehaves (while holding in hand wakes the display even when not double tappped)5. Proximity sensor (since placed on top, it malfunctions during call)6. No notification led\n', '\nPhone is nice i got yesterday delivered, however nice camera with better zooming refresh rate with 90 hertz makes a best feel to hand on, this is my first oneplus product..and yeyyii i m enjoying it well\n', '\nHappy to buy next oneplus flagship killer oneplus 7 Pro....Fingerfrint sensor :  its working very smooth, unlocked in less than a second.Camera quality: its really best with all features and specially the pixel quality, people have to understand that it show you real image with no addon pixel colour as other phone didBattery life: people have to understand the battery life depends upon the use if u used 24*7 then all phones battery will drain but for generally use it is really best\n', "\nI bought this phone on first day of launch. My views :Pros :- Display quality is amazing & enjoying it- Speed is extremely good- Camera is very good- Some of the features are good in this modelCons :- Battery life is not good. Need lot's of improvements in battery optimization- In adaptive brightness the screen brightness doesn't change automatically (even if you set it) many a time. You have to manually switch the adaptive brightness off & then on, then the screen will change the brightness. This might be a bug, which OnePlus needs to resolve- In the new pc received I found bubbles on screen guard provided- Weight of the product is highUsing it for more than 15 days now & I am loving it inspite of few negative points, being a OnePlus lover. But the company has to improve the product in many ways & we expect the updated in the near future.\n", '\nVery smooth and buttery.....I am a big fan of OnePlus phones and the performance of this phone completely blown me off.....Good Job OnePlus team.....keep it up....👍\n', "\nSimple good at these price segment i will be waiting so long to get it but whrn i get these phone in lockdown after 2 months the waiting worth these productsAbout phoneIt's all about display.... those who wnat best display must go for it... you definitely observed get different in between rog 2 and OP 7 pro ya  you sacrifices more battery and air trigger bt you got more in these phone water resistant and and camera get huge difference in both\n", "\nPro:- Display- Performance- Great in display fingerprint reader- Awesome fnatic mode for gamers- Zen mode for the ones who uses phone too much- Great low light photography- Great camera quality (after recent update)- Really nice portrait mode- Super fast wrap charging- The pop-up camera, one must admit it's pretty cool- heptic feedback makes gaming experience better for supported app.- great stereo soundCons:- Battery life is not great but the super fast wrap charging compensate that.- Some times photos are not great, might need some tweaking to get that great shot.\n", "\nAwesome and excellent phone....Delivery is quick in 2 days..The only con is it is a bit heavy.. But the fantastic screen makes u forget about that...And u need to use a case. As it is heavy if it falls accidentally there are more chances of getting damaged..Regarding charging 30w charger is superb..Battery draining is not so fast.. An average user can get a ful day charge easily...I don't use camera much... I used Asus zenfone 5z and LG v30 plus previously both are flagship phones at that time. But the camera quality is very nice here compared to both of them..Fingerprint reader is also fast and smooth.. I don't use face unlock bcoz it takes a little time and need to swipe to get the pop up camera open..Got a transparent case in the box.. It is of good quality but it doesn't give a good look to ur mobile. So better to buy a back cover online..Display is very smooth.. Watching movies and videos Is awesome... It's very bright and got no problems in watching under direct sunlight..Not too many customizations we can find here in oxygen os..Coming to stereo speakers, they are good and decent but not as loud as zenfone 5z..As there is no headphone jack I had ordered Bluetooth earphones.. They are on the way and had to use them to write review about sound quality..Played PUBG and other big games without any lag.. Runs very smooth.. As it is 12GB ram all the games and apps we use they Wil be in the ram without getting closed..The phone may gets heated up definitely if we use camera for more time or play non stop games.. That Wil be very common with any mobile..You need to be very careful as it is very heavy it is slippery too.. So u need to definitely use a case for that..My final verdict is if you don't have problem with it's weight then it is the best flagship phone right now in the market at this price.. Lack of wireless charging and headphone jack is not a problem to me.. It has the best screen till now..Am writing now after 20 days of use now.. I observed it's hanging sometimes when playing some small games which I did not get any prblm with big games. I don't know why.. Despite of having 12gb ram why it's hanging.. I hope it Wil be resolved in future updates..And one more thing is proximity sensor is not working properly a lot of times during calls leading to accidental touches which is irritating.. Hope everything Wil be solved in future updates..Thank you...\n", "\nI am using OnePlus phone since last 4 years and it was 5th OnePlus phone in my whole family. But this time, looks like either I have received Defective phone OR refurbished phone.1. Phone doesn't get silent even if I turn Silent mode ON.2. Battery gets consumed so quickly even if phone is not in use.3. Charging is not at per WRAP technology.4. Sometimes, phone goes off network even Network shows full. Have to do Flight mode ON/OFF to get network activated.5. Touch on screen is not that much responsive as OnePlus phone should be.6. Speaker mode goes on Hang state.Request OnePlus team to please replace my handset.\n", "\nphones great!-2stars for Amazon delivery.phone box had dents all around.Amazon prime delivery was used to be good now it isn't. it was a late delivery too!.\n", "\nI have purchase 8 GB varient on 24-06-19 and within 3 or 4 days I found following defects :-1. Battery backup is very poor. It drains very fast.2. OnePlus claimed super strong conactivity, but according to me it is only satisfactory.3. Cost of this product is very high.4. I contacted customer care within 4 days of purchase for replacement. But they refused.So guys if you want to purchase costly phone. Think deeply about the negetive side. So please read all customers reviews carefully and then finalise. Once product received, you can't do anything.\n", '\nWell, there is nothing to dislike about this device. I own the 8GB Ram version of OnePlus7Pro. But, OnePlus could’ve delayed the launch of OnePlus7TPro. Within a couple of months, your phone is no longer the flagship even though the device was launched less that 3 months ago of my purchase.Note:1. Camera is above average but not among the flagships of other brands.2. Display is amazing. I’ve not experienced anything like it before.3. Just received an update for Android 10.4. OnePlus needs to reconsider gap between launching flagship devices.\n', '\nReally fastest mobile in the world ... Stunning camera . Good stability at high zoom .. water-resistance . Awesome battery with fast warp charge.ultra level display , really more smooth .. gaming fnatic -mode is really impressive for gaming. Dolby sounds can feel u like in cinema. Fastest finger print unlock ever... Compared iPhone and Samsung , OnePlus 7 pro is really at the best price\n', "\nPeople write review instant after they buy and use the product for few days. But this review is coming after 8 months usage of One Plus 7Pro. I had One Plus 5 earlier and so I thought of going with 7Pro. I would say this phone is no match for the earlier version. This phone hangs a lot and updates are pathetic. Seems like One plus is trying to do too much on this phone or something is wrong that they are not able to fix.  Though it iss said to be their fastest phone but I find non reason on why it hangs or freeze.After using this phone my confidence on higher models is shaky. So don't go with the wave of impressive advts. Check for the real user reviews.Camera was better in One Plus 5. You need to edit the pics clicked indoors to make them brighter and colourful.Battery life is just okay but you need to keep your brightness in control.Design is good but that's not the only thing that you would buy an expensive phone for.If with 80GB storage space as balance it starts lagging or freezing then what happens if the you are low on space like 10GB. It was almost unusable when it was that low on storage. I had to clean it out. So even if you buy a 256 GB phone just make sure you have enough storage left.This is my personal view and points. Use your own judgement and knowledge to evaluate the phone.\n", '\nMust buy this phone if you have a budget of 50K around- Camera excellent- Performance in gaming- Haptick feedback while gaming- Large 4K screen with 4k recordingJust the battery is a problem a big battery is ultimately used bu big display, but WRAP charging comes to rescue here.Ever thought your phone is watching you, not with this one as it has hidden front camera 😂😂😂\n', '\nOnly 1 word its just "AWESOME"I read some negative reviews for camera performance, but im really very happy with the camera n will give it a 5*. Only the thing i didnt like is the scratch guard and back cover provided is so cheap in quality\n', "\nAwesome mobile I'm writing this review after a week of using it... Phone was really cool n smooth no words can explain how good it is... Phone was fully loaded with advance features.. camera quality is too good no need to carry ur DSLR camera... Fingerprint is too good n too fast...Battery backup is great... Over all the build quality is awesome and phone looks stunning... Love u one+\n", "\nOne plus 7 Pro is truly a beautiful phone just fell in love with the phone when I got my hands on it, I'm using the phone since 2 days, I want to say a lot of positive things about the phone but I'll make it short, this phone exceeds my expectations in all aspects, just go for it, a great buy, I'll highly recommend it.\n", "\nSimply a worthy premium smartphone for daily use. Have been using it for almost 4+ months. 90Hz display is amazing and smooth (one of my favourite these days). On screen fingerprint is fast enough for unlocking the phone. Unfortunately, i didn't used face unlock and i didn't use front camera often. So no comments on that.With 30W Warp Charge, the 4000mAh battery can be recharged pretty fast as well (as per the company's claim and its working excellent so far).Camera is working as expected and also tried few nightmode shots and it is also satisfying.No troublesome heating issues found so far.There is no headphone jack, but i don't have any problem with that as I am using OnePlus Bullet Wireless 2 (Excellent choice for OnePlus7Pro).Ps:- This is my first OnePlus company's product and I simply loved everything about it.\n", "\nI got this for 46k after offer also got 1 year screen replacement guaranty free, so accordingly, this phone is value for money.Pros -1 Looks are great2 Camera provide enough details as needed3 Fingerprint sensor is damn fast as  compared to samsung ultrasonic fp reader.4 popup camera motor is fast and i sometime miss to see popup while it unlocks phone with face unlock.5 battery at Qhd resolution 90 htz display provide 4.5 hours screen on time (a day usage including standby), Qhd 60 htz provide 5.5 hours and Full Hd 60 htz provide 6 hours Screen on Time. On an average i get a full day usage easily.6 weight distrubution is excellent that phones doesn't feel heavy in hand.Cons:low light camera performance is ok ok.\n", '\nShifted to this phone from Samsung Galaxy note 8. Display is as good as Samsung and camera is much better. Fingerprint sensor is not up to the mark, it struggles most of the time. Battery is just average, but charging speed is amazing. Phone is little bulky and heavy. Note 8 was far sleeker. But comparing to note 10 plus, which I was considering, this phone is value for money due to 26k price difference.\n', '\nDisplay is so delicate my frnds display broken cost 17000, frnds if you purchase, take one assist insurance or use templered glass and screen guard on it, and a good quality backcover, since it is a curved display more chances of braking if front glass also breaks then also full scrren to be replaced\n', "\nIt's been 3 days that I got my hands on this beast. So far fully satisfied with Screen, Finger Sensor, Wrap charging, Processing etc. Camera could have been a little better for this price range.  While zooming there are litter blurred pics and front camera definitely could use some improvement. But over all worth it's price. Go for it !!!!!!!!!\n", '\nBetter than s10 and iPhone xs at this price.Screen on this device is LIT.And yes normal users will experience the difference between 90Hz and 60Hz.About battery i get an avg SOT of 7.30hrs.Warp charging is best in the market,almost charges upto 50percent within 20mins.Only one thing which is a little bit downside is the camera.Which i am sure will be upgraded with future software updates.\n', '\nBest flagship till now 😎happy to have this phone! camera is gud but it can be best by software update .I love the night mode ,screen is superb .so smooth\n', '\nIt is easy to grade on the performance but it is very deficult to explain.Simply Beyond IMAGINATION S.  in all aspects on the concepts of a mobile phone. Congratulations ONEPLUS.\n', '\nExcellent phone.. Superb Camera.. Extraordinary screen.. super smooth touch feel.. only one thing about charging is the wrap charger is nothing different than the Dash charger it takes the same time as dash one.. Overall a great phone for a Good price..\n', '\nHappy with the phone one plus delivered its promise and the few bug fix n patch update  makes it still smooth no lags even in heavy games and screen response is beyond compare the display clarity is beyond compare I stream Netflix  content n prime love yo watch.. the battery last till 50% in normal mode  when saver mode its super  cool when u adjust the refresh rate and optimised use...Gaming mode is added  cool stuff ...\n', "\nA very crisp and sharp fluid AMOLED FHD+ screen with 90HZ refresh rate. The best u can get in the Market.The camera is good , pictures are sharp but does lack some features like wide angle option for selfie.The battery drains fast if you use it in the highest resolution but with battery saver you can really use the phone well. It does give you options to change the resolution to save the battery if you are not into battery saver.The phone is a little heavy and big if you are used to lighter phones but you'll get used to it.Well it's OnePlus , it's absolutely worth the money.\n", "\nUsing this phone for more than 7 moths now but this one still feels the same in terms of smoothness as day one. Quality of each part in intact till date. And I just can't get enough of its Display. It's a treat to eyes.I must say that this is the best phone that I have ever used and one of the most satisfying purchases I have ever made.In future, may be after 4-5 years, when I will reflect back I will be proud of myself that I had held and used this phone in past. :)Keep making amazing products Oneplus. You guys are game changers.\n", '\nAwesome phone. To start with pros, amazing design and the color nebula blue is nice. Camera quality is good for the price, never settle with the speed. Face unlock is slow as the pop up camera needs to open up and read the face and unlock also fingerprint is slow compared with OP6. Great phone for reasonable price.\n', "\nBest phone I've ever used.I had been using OnePlus 5 before this and that was what made me a fan of that company. Seamless experience with a superb camera. Helped me a lot on my trip to the US. Check out a few shots.\n", "\nReviewing after one week of usage, seems like really behind the speed, you love this phone with the performance, battery life and 90HZ refresh rate. Moreover display is killing while watching movies it shows its's capability. Coming to the oxygen OS no words this is the best one in the today's market. As of my personal advise if you want to buy 8 and 8 pro just ignore that and go with 7 pro, because they provide almost same features. Expect 865 processor and reverse charging. For gaming and general usage 7 Pro is best.\n", "\nPHONE APPEARANCE LOOKS GOOD, BUT SO MANY DISADVANTAGES LIES WITH PHONE. FOREMOST THING IS THAT ITS HANGING, WHEN IT COMES TO DATA USAGE WIFI IS RUNNING GOOD BUT MOBILE DATA IS NOT WORKING SO FAST, AND ITS HEAVY WEIGHT AND THIS PRICE IS ALSO SO HIGH THOUGH ITS NOT HAVING GREAT FEATURES. WITH SO MUCH EXPECTATIONS I PURCHASED BUT I AM TOTALLY DISSATISFIED. REQUESTING PLEASE DON'T PROMOTE THESE KIND OF PRODUCTS.\n", '\nThe one plus 7 pro series has serious issue where the application gets stuck very frequently . Within the very first day of purchase I started facing issue with the performance . Moreover the Amazon return/replace policy is not transparant. The Amazon will not agree to replace / return the product even after providing several proofs.\n', "\nIt is an excellent phone to use and didn't find any issues in the last 2 weeks. I like curved screens after using Samsung S9+ and this one didn't disappoint me. The audio isn't as much loud like S9+ but it's fine.  OnePlus has to work on image quality, probably thru software update. Always on display isn't that pleasing, even OPPO has made hugh step in coming up with always on display themes; time for OnePlus to step up.\n", '\nUsing my One Plus 7 Pro 12/256, Nebula Blue, since past 3-4 months.Feel real premium, in every aspect.Overall, this is the best one, without any dispute.Fully satisfied... Thank you, One Plus & Amazon...\n', "\nOneplus 7 pro - after  7 months of usage : mobile size, screen quality ,clarity , interface ,colour pop up  and display are nice . But battery backup could be better for the price it has.  Camera is good but some pics get blurred ,donno the reason what's the issue.  Wrap charge is supergood. Gaming interfacace is nice .\n", '\nOH MY GOD..... Amazing device.This is my first One+ mobile phone......and I am totally speechless. I am so happy that I ordered this phone on first day i.e 16 th May 2019. I am deadly sure no one can beat this company.... Guys believe me this is DIAMOND.\n', '\nPhone damage within 7 days after receiving. Phone screen showing restarting. This type of performance never except from One plus high value phone.\n', '\nHappy to have this phone. .. tried for 12+256 got this. .. This is the first shots of My 7 pro. . Will update other reviews. . Hope 1+ delivered what they promised. . Will try my gaming and update on the performance. . Screen is incredible... to get on to it now. .. I am impressed. ..\n', "\nAmazing phone with amazing features...oneplus rocks...it's my third oneplus device and still I feel that I have the fastest device in my hand...go for it it's a great phone...thank you oneplus.\n", "\nI upgraded it from One plus 6. It's just a perfect phone in all aspects. Every spec including hardware and software is awesome. Display,design,camera , sound everything meet my expectations.\n", "\nI waited patiently for a month to buy the Almond edition and by god it was worth it. The beauty of this variant is very difficult to capture in photos, it really needs to be felt first hand.Coming on to the device itself, it is a monster, in every way. The battery is pretty good, fingerprint sensor works most of the time, vibration motor is amazing, 90 hz is the Trump card. Everything about this phone is spectacular except:The fact that OnePlus have decided to skip the headphone adapter in the box. I covered myself in this regard by buying it before the phone itself but it has been out of stock ever since. There is no reason to omit it from the box.OnePlus has said that it is splash proof, but an official IP rating would have been nice.I don't use wireless charging but for a phone that costs 50k, it should have been there. But I understand OnePlus' point of view that it is better to do it properly.Wide angle video missing, coming as a future update, portrait mode uses telephoto lens.Overall the best phone you can lay hands on.\n", "\nMy first OnePlus phone and it's awesome. There is little weight that you might feel. Charging is super fast, you will never conplain about it. Camera quality is not that great as per its price but beauty is they are continuously pushing updates to make it even better. It's smooth. I don't play games at all so gamer u have no idea wabiut would you look in a phone. Battery backup is awesome. Just one concern, OnePlus needs to push security updates on time. Like it was already end of June when we got May 1st security patch. Gcam works perfect without doing any alteration in the system. Nughtscape is kind of ok till this update when I'm writing it. What else left? Yeah just one more thing, it feels little costly, but would give you great feeling of not owning that cheap version of crap which would merely last an year. So go for it and handle with Care 😉\n", "\nNo headphones or even converter don't know what one plus will save but sure disappointing customers with these small mistakes....even we can't find a original one in one plus site they are always out of stock\n", '\nI was so thrilled when i order and got this in hand. But after 2 weeks of full fledged use, this is my verdict. Overall usage of phone is good. Its smooth in operation, fast in processing. But i did not get the feel of the Pricetag it had..Camera: After using the Samsung Note series for almost  6 years, i was very dissapointed in the Camera.. Though they claim a higher PPi, the clarity of the photos are that pathetic for a long distance shoot as compared to a lower version of a Galaxy phone..Battery is not that great but better than Samsung. But still need to see how long that goes. maybe i will have to review again after 3-5 months of use on the battery part..As a brand i feel that Oneplus is too confident now that they have acquired a steady market now and they feel that now they can start cheating the customers.. For this hefty price - there is not even a headphone, the 6+T atleast came with a supporting cable for the Aux, 7+pro didnt even have that.. I still wonder whats the reason for this price tag..I Should have gone for the Iphone XR..This is my biggest mistake i have ever done in purchasing a phone over the years..  NOT WORT THE PRICETAG\n', '\nBest Smartphone ever at this Price Segment. Its worth every panny..go for it, if you can afford. Have been using it for past 2 days, didnt find any shortcoming in any aspect be it battery, screen, design THIS PHONE TICKS ALL THE BOXES ! NEVER SETTLE with any lesser competent phone than this !\n', "\nThe first time I saw the phone in my hand, I was astonished! My god such a beautiful display 😀 The speed of app loading & data transfer is truly incredible. One plus nailed it & delivers total customer satisfaction. I would like to thank Amazon for it's safe & speedy delivery. Don't think .. just buy the one plus pro!\n", "\nI have been using OnePlus 7 pro for the last 2 months and here is the long time review :-Pros :Fastest phone in the market. Trust me after using this phone, you will not feel like using anything elseFingerprint scanner is the fastest in the market & it is amazingPhone charging is blazing fastCamera is too good & the nightscape is amazing. At par compared to Samsung and much better than Redmi phonesOxygen OS is like stock android with Zero ads and no preinstalled garbage appsYou can watch HDR and 4K contents in this phone and the screen quality is out of the world. Watching HDR in Netflix is a bliss in this phoneVideo recording in 4k 60fps is amazingConsCamera can be little better particularly video can't be recorded in wide angle lensBattery life is average considering the consumption if you turn on QHD display with 90hz refresh rate... It will eat a large chunk of batteryI am in love with this phone and upgrading to this phone is a great choice\n", '\nGot it delivered today.I must say, the display quality has improved like anything. Triple Camera beyond words and sounds are like the real Dolby. Warp is faster than 6T charger. All the other specs are the usuals.Cons :Heavy built - weights more than 6TNo jack given - headset\n', "\nWas using Samsung s9 plus after coming from OP 5T coz of the 2k display and dual speakers.. N now.. OP deliversss!!! 2k display +90hz refresh rate...!! Buttery smooth.. That transitions when in 90hz..makes thisa awestruck display.. Also coupled with Dolby atmos powered dual speakers. Couldn't have asked for more.. Every reason to comeback to OP family..I could say no need of wireless charging any day since we r getting warp charge with whooping 30W..its lightning speed..\n", '\nUsing this phone from last 2 days...Straight out of the box...one of the best looking smartphone.Crisp display... Good camera... Good battery backupAnd the speed is like crazyAll you are gonna miss is notification light... 3.5 mm jack and wireless charging at this price point.But otherwise....this is a serious flagship killer.\n', '\nThe pictures are so bad with the stupid beautification and there is no way to disable it. Blurs out all the features and smoothens the pictures.\n', "\nI was super excited for this phone. It's the second day today and it just died and wouldn't start. I had about 80% battery left. I had to literally Google to check if there are other folks facing the similar issues and to my surprise there were plenty. I have used 5T and 6T both and I never faced this issue but it's completely annoying and disappointing that a phone would die like this on just the second day. Additionally I didn't quite like the battery life, even when I am not using it, the phone seems to be losing a lot of charge. The other issue I faced was I tried the smart Lock feature and used my finger print lock and also the pattern lock. The fone would automatically lock itself even when I am watching you tube or using the fone. This was like annoying to the heights. I had selected the screen time for 5 mints but still the fone would auto lock within seconds. I was so annoyed so I removed all the lock system off\n", '\nUsing this device since July. Build quality is awesome. Dolby Sound and 90hz display are the two main stand out features and they are incredible. Camera is not the best but post update its performing quite good in my opinion.In my case Battery-powered backup is almost 20-22hrs with resolution set to 2K and refresh rate set to 90hz(with screen on time of almost 6:30hrs).Overall the phone and UI is insanely fast and responsive. No lags what so ever.\n', '\nIts superb in all fields the only thing you will listen about the phone is camera is not that good but its not true it is doing great job yeah in some condition there was issue but almot fixed with ota update night mode is excellent i think remaining small issues will be fixed by ota like sometimes images are not that sharp but overall this device is excellent\n', "\nI have got 2 OnePlus 7 Pro in my family right now.One in Mirror Black and another in Nebula Blue (Both are 8gb/256gb models). As far as looks are concerned, both the colors look fabulous. Nebula Blue looks strikingly beautiful.Specs sheet can be obtained from the description box, so I ain't gonna discuss about it. Review will be purely based on the user experience.Things I like:1) Looks- I'm gonna say it again and again, this phone looks stunning. As soon as you take this phone in your hand, you will feel that you didn't dump your money in garbage. This sure looks and feels premium.2) Software- Oxygen OS works like a charm on this phone. No lags, nothing. It's super clean and useful and highly customisable. You'll get regular updates (august security patch was delivered to this phone even before pixel phones which is mind blowing) with a promise of 3 years of future updates.3) Camera- I'm currently on the Oxygen OS version 9.5.11 and believe me when I say, the camera is not a regular Joe. It performs well in all lighting conditions. All the three lenses are very useful in taking different kind of shots. Nightscape is fantastic. The camera app has been given several tweaks with regular OTA updates and it's always getting better.4) Hardware and build quality- Phone has excellent hardware. Throw any app/games on it and it will run as smooth as butter. RAM management is also very good. Battery runs through an entire day and I have noticed some improvement in battery life after the last update. On an average, I'm getting around 5.5-6.5 hrs of screen on time, which is decent. The phone surface is quite slippery, I was keeping it without back cover, but the sixth drop made me realise that I should put the cover back on. The phone is still not damaged but there are some minor scratches around the corners.Overall- Build quality is superb.I would highly recommend this phone to someone who wants a high performance phone with quality hardware.\n", "\nDisplay is the best in the marketright now, fingerprint reader is as fast as you can imagine, games like pubg are extremely smooth and graphics are absolutely amzing. Oxygen os is just so amazing and easy to use and it's extremely fluid. Battery life depends on how much you use the phone really , if you use camera a lot or play lot of pubg then it won't last for a day otherwise you're good to go for one day. My only complain is the camera. In this price of phone you expect really good camera. Unfortunately that's not the case. Camera is just average. Selfie pop up camera looks really cool and catches some attention and its better than the main camera. Nightscape is just a gimmick. So other than the camera , everything else is just perfect.\n", "\nPros -Display - the best so far. 90Hz + QHD is a killer combo. Viewing YouTube/Netflix on this device is an amazing experience.Battery life - Pretty great, I am able to get 6-8 hrs of screen on-time.Camera - Decent, don't expect Pixel level photos from this device.Fingerprint scanner - it's fast! Sometimes doesn't work if your finger is kinda wet.Charging - super fast, thanks to Warp charger.Cons-It's heavy and the device is huge. Single hand usage is just not possible.\n", '\nI have purchased his ph just bec of i use 3t 3 yr but not now its very bad for one plus in this range ph should be perfect but this time iam amberased front camer very poor quality and finger sensor not detect it take 4 to times other wise pin and the jack is not provided by one pluse very bad\n', '\nOne plus is all about speed. The phone feels premium in hand. Finger print sensor super fast. Battery not that great due to 90 hrz display. One plus was never on the stage of camera quality but the camera here in OP 7 pro is not bad its not good nor great just some where between good and great. Over all the phone feels like a beast in hand.\n', '\nVery premium quality phone.Pros:1. Eye catching classic looks.2. Pleasure to handle.3. Many useful features for the enthusiastic users4. Ultimate display5. Curved edge screen is eyes catching6. Warp fast changing is a real rescue featureCons:1. Nothing2. Nothing3. Nothing4. Nothing..........\n', '\nOrdered Nebula 12 GB RAM,Recieved with handmadks on the back panel.seems the phone has been repackaged.Quite average phone GETTING TOO HOT. Pathetic OnePlus\n', '\nReceived the phone. Wonderful packaging. Unboxing was awesome experience for me. The phone works like a beast. It can handle tough tasks easily. Specially the screen looks awesome. When you see movies in high quality in netflix and amazon prime, there you will notice the quality it provides. Speaker are also very good. No distortion. Overall a good phone. Battery only lacks behind.\n', '\nWriting this review after a month of usage.The camera is great and you can make it even better with GCam mods, Screen was excellent, gaming experience was seamless, OxygenOS gets polished with every update you receive, Sound was adequately loud, Battery life was good, fingerprint sensor was adequately fast in recognition however the face unlock works in no time, Charging speed is insane, network reception was also great, nevertheless the back(nebula blue) was awesome.Note : Do buy the Ringke Fusion X case if you are someone drops the phone quite often. I dropped my phone for more then 3 times and still the case protected it pretty well and also the case comes with a transparent back which shows the beautiful back of your phone.If you are in a dilemma of finding a case for OnePlus7pro then this would be a great pick.\n', '\nLoved everything but one plus should increase battery backup. It i charged till 90% at morning and internet is on for day and just using normal whatsapp instagram then also it will drain and till 8o clock it will be 25%. But other MI mobile with same battery backup will last long for 1 and half day with same usage. Having speaker issue in less that 7 days..upset..\n', "\nI bought OnePlus7 pro 8GB/256GB Nebula Blue on 13th June and upgraded (yes upgraded) from OnePlus5, which I used for almost 2.5 years. Before that I was using OnePlus1, So I am part of OnePlus community for almost past 5 years. Therefore, I have witnessed the journey of OnePlus in India from the beginning. Let's get into the details:1. Display - Amazing display with Fluid AMOLED and 90 Hz refresh rate. It is way better than OnePlus5 and OnePlus6 also. I haven't compared it with 6T. After using this phone for almost 2 weeks, I feel OnePlus5's display is dull and lifeless.2. Sound - The Dolby Atmos speakers are the best I have ever experienced in any phone. I compared the same with both OP5 and OP6 and there is a significant improvement in sound quality. The phone has speakers on both the sides but 85% sound comes from the bottom one.3. Battery Life - I haven't used the phone for extensive gaming; with moderate level of gaming (2 hrs.) and 3-4 hrs of screen time and 1.5 hrs of calling time it would easily give you 24 hrs. For cricket lovers, a full charge of phone will give you 70-75 overs with 70% volume.4. Camera - It is far better than OP5 and OP6, especially the low light clicks, but it could have been better for this price.5. Performance - I have never faced any problem with the performance of any OP phone and I am sure this phone will surpass your expectation.Downsides:1. It is very heavy compared to OP5, 206 gm, you'll feel the weight in your pocket2. There is no 3.5 mm earphone/headphone audio jack3. There is single type c jack for both audio and charging4. The finger print sensor is not as fast and smooth as the previous versions, but it has improved significantly after 2 system updates provided by OP. I hope it'll improve further with future updates5. The face unlock is quick but not quick like earlier phones, because of pop up front cameraThere are some teething problems, which I think we face with every new smart phone these days. I think, it would be sorted with future system updates. Overall, it is an incredible product from OnePlus and certainly the best one ever offered by them. I am sure it won’t disappoint you and it would be worth every penny you are going to spend for this phone.\n", "\nIt's a true Ultra Premium Device💯🔥Amazon delivery - 5/5Phone build quality - 5/5Battery backup -5/5Camera after (9.5.8 update ) is much better than earlier - 4/5Display - 5/5Speaker - 5/5Heating - 3.5/5Warp charge - 5/5Its a superb device if you searching for a premium phone .. go for it without any doubt.I upgraded my OnePlus 5t to OnePlus 7pro .. & I can say it is the best over all other phones in market with heavy price like (apple , Samsung) instead of those heavy price trash you can choose this low price true phone💯\n", '\nAwesome cell phone must buy, best in Android, best in a market right now, best from all cell phones, value for money.\n', "\nPhone is beast but only disappointment is Audio jack but no issues after all spending 58k we can buy an adapter ✌️😉 I saw people giving 1&2 stars but I don't understand what might be the reason I have no issues till now it's been nearly 20 days since I bought this phone if it has IP rating it would increase more customers I guess. I'm simply loving this sexy nebula blue 12 gb variant....🥰😍🤩and display is lit 🔥 🔥 Netflix and Amazon prime hdr support 🤩🤩 I'm sure you'll never regret after buying it.Pros:-1. Camera2. Dolby audio3. Display HDR 10+4. Ram management5. BatteryCons:-1. No ip rating but YouTubers proved it survives water splashes.2. Audio jack or atleast adapter\n", "\nIt's a beauty & the beast... What a phone they've made !Everything is so awesome, and this blue color I'm falling in love with it everyday !!\n", "\nBeen using it since launch, battery life is absolutely fantastic and so is the display. However, the camera or its software leaves much to be desired.If I cared about the absolute best image quality, I would not pick this phone. But I don't, and I agree with the majority in stating that no other phone has gone through a whole day with me (except perhaps the P30 Pro) and I would definitely recommend this phone.\n", '\nDemerits Very heavy it weighs like a powerbank.Low light camera is not up to the mark compared to oppo f11.Wide angle videos not supported.No headphone jack nor a connector in box which is very bad.Pricing toooooo much.MeritsWarp charging is superbBattery backup is also good but not up to the mark.Front camera is unimaginably good.Gestures and performance are excellent.\n', '\nThere is a issue with pixels of display , when ever you play any video which has low light kind of dark videos then a greenish flash is blinking up on the screen.i visited the customer and they do know that issue is there in specific to one plus 7 pro series but no help provided. Worst service by op service\n', "\nThe display is the key point which outrage this phone. I just brought this phone for it's display. It feels too smooth & the 90Hz display is way better than u think. Since it's a curved display & huge display with no notches on it you have to be a bit careful in handling it. If you are a bit rough handler then you need to think twice before buying, but if you are a soft user as me then if budget is not a constraint then this is the right phone at this price point.\n", '\nThis product is really nice. Really strong camera on the back and awesome features embaded in a phone. Purchased this at the time of launch and since then it has been an awesome gaming and video experience. Only thing is that they could have worked a little better on the night mode and on the quality of front camera. Apart from this no complaint, a truely awesome product.\n', '\nMy god this phone is a wet dream for many tech savvy people out in the world. you can get better camera in iphones...better utility options in samsung....better hardware in ROG phones by asus....BUT YOU CAN GET THEM ALL IN THIS BEAST. This is all you need for a phone that can obliterate any and every flagship phones in the market. This phone completes your desire for an ultimate phone . Trust me...THIS IS BEST YOUR MONEY CAN BUY YOU IN ANDROID RIGHT NOW.\n', '\nHai, After using 15 days, Phone is okBut battery drain very fast. Photos are good.The person who use more incoming and outgoing calls... This phone is not advisable..Finally I am not Happy with this Mobile.\n', "\nI ordered as soon as was available. The phone looks beautiful, feels premium. The letdown begins when u start using it for a while. The fingerprint reader was easy enough to setup. But upon usage had issues. it didn't work all the time. Lots of time the phone would just keep saying too many attempts & keep asking for pin. The pop up camera started having weird rubbing noise Everytime it was used.the phone calls had weird static distortion in them while they were quite clear on my iphone. I think they will release an update to fix it. The edges of the screen with the curve e resistance to touch and since the corners of the screen r more rounded than others, lots of time functionality was cut off. Like the voice message button in WhatsApp. The screen looked great with the 90hz display but unresponsiveness killed all the fun. It dosent matter if the screen is good . It might have a higher refresh rate but will still feel slow if the responsiveness is low. The camera quality was the most dissapointing aspect. Coming from iPhone the difference was quite apparent. The images seemed more granier and more saturated. The 3x zoom is underwhelming. Will probably install the pixel camera software as the stock software just dosent match up. But then the pixel phones have the best camera processing in the smartphone world.The battery is fine not great, but that was to be expected with the quad hd 90hz display. Roughly lasts 8to 9 hrs on average usage for me. Warp charge is a boon.Overall the price increase for the pro version does not seem to be justified. Too many trade-off. The one plus 7 which is not getting as much attention is a much better phone and more value for money. The difference in value proposition seems negilible between the two.\n", "\nIt's been just 4days I have buyed this mobile via Amazon & it's having some problems like device getting restarted by its own sometimes takes mobile to boot menu applications doesn't work properly I need an urgent replacement of device\n", "\n\xa0So 1st i would like to thank amazon for it's fastes delivery . Amazon delivered this phone to me in less than 24 hours. I was very worried thay iam buying a costly phone online will it be workable or not. But i got a. Sealed pack box it's been 15 days since i bought this phone mine is 8gb and 256rom variant nubela blue phone. The phone is working properly1.battery life is very good2.display is awesome3.network quality very good I bought this phone in 42999 and this is the best phone in this range. Please don't get confused  go for this phone\n", '\nEverything about this handset is awesome. Display is supercrisp, 90hz mode is great. 4000mah battery is excellent. I am getting around 7 to 7.5 hrs of SOT with 60hz refresh rate setting. The only disappointment is Headphone jack. They should have atleast included the standard type C earphones.\n', "\nWell being a OnePlus user from the 5th Generation of their models, I would say they've come out to be one of the best players in the competition.Talking about the Display it's fantastic, you would love to use this device all the time when it is in your hand. I wouldn't say it's big, but rather it's immersive. And rhe refresh rate is just the icing on the cake.The battery life is also nice, much better than I thought as a day would be enough for a heavy user, and there's no need to worry as the Warp Charger is there to help you out.Now the main weakness on of this phone is the camera. Well it's not that bad but it's not what everyone would expect from a OnePlus device for the premium pricing, well it's kind of descent, much more similar to the previous generations, just the wide angle lens is the main centre of attraction.And at last the built quality and performance, hands down, unbeatable!\n", "\nEverything is good as expected. Upgraded from my 5T.The display and the haptics just blew my mind.Battery is also good. Giving 8.5 hours of screen on time on heavy use.Had an option of either this or the s10. I bought this and I'm very happy with my choice.Oneplus never disappoints!\n", "\nIt's a very good phone, screen is amazing it even looks fluidic when screen off. Performance is good. Battery is decent though. Lasts a day with manual Qhd and 90hz. Hope snapdragon invents a much faster processor.The 3x optical zoom can really take macro shots and it's amazing. I just love this display every time I look at it. Have to buy type C to 3.5 mm if you want to connect your headset, Use OnePlus connecter coz only that will give you high resolution audio and higher sound and bass output (as Bluetooth headsets generally do not have the capacity for too much bass output). I bought one 3rd party adapter type C to 3.5mm+ charging port but it's audio quality is not high resolution. So I bought oneplus 3.5mm connector now.The phone charges up fast as well.Manually select 48 MP for perfect shots. Install GCam if you prefer warmer colour tones.\n", '\nThe details of the design are absolutely amazing. Screen, camera and speed are key features of this phone. The speakers have a clean stereo sound. The transition between applications is very smooth. Overall a very good phone to have. One drawback, if you are looking for a handy set then you can opt out of purchasing this.\n', '\nStill awesome products range by one plus..I am using one plus phone from last 4 year..but they never dispointed me..go for it..great quality,camera, battery backup all are Best\n', '\nAfter nearly two months of usage I got a fair idea now the performance is avarage. Battery dries out very fast. If you are typing in anything in a app. Suddenly the app closes automatically. Finger readers sometimes need 2 to 3 touches to work. Camera is excellent as expected. Much more was expected as this was a pro model. But every avarage performance. Fixes should be provided to overcome issues.\n', '\nI am writing this review after 9.5.10 update & after using it for more than 1 month.Pros:1.Display (though brightness could have been better) - My friends are just awestrucked by the quality of display OnePlus has put in. They say "ufff!! Display ta dekh just, chokchok kor6e" (Look at the display, it\'s shining), "Side theke dekh, sera, sera, kato daam re phone tar, amio kinbo" (look at from the sides, awesome, awesome, how much does this phone cost,I will also buy it).2.Battery life - 1 day battery backup for heavy users. If used in dark mode and 30-40% brightness in auto switch & 90hz mode you may get upto 1.5 days battery life. But even if the battery get drained warp charge will charge it in an hour.3. Vibration - Best among most of the android phones out there but only bettered by iphone.4. Performance - Best performer till date. Oneplus\'s software is the benchmark for the mobile industry. Take a bow oneplus.5. Sound Quality -  Loud & Crisp. Though a little more depth would have been appreciated.CONS1. Camera - Camera is a mixed bag. It takes inconsistent photos. But yesterday I received 9.5.10 update which corrected the over warm tone of the photos. People don\'t look too pinkish & focusing is also improved. Wide angle lens can\'t be used in videos as of now but oneplus is working on an update & will introduce this feature surely. Selfies are ok. In comparison to pixel & iphone & samsung\'s flagship phones this camera may be inferior,but I have to say oneplus is able to improve the camera performance of this mobile through multiple updates. Now I am satisfied with the camera performance of this beast. Camera isn\'t a deal breaker anymore.2. Lack of headphone jack - Even the type c to 3.5mm headphone is not included within the box & after 2 months of this phone\'s launch oneplus is still not able to make it available to purchase from online or offline stores. Shame on you oneplus. You couldn\'t give an adapter worth ₹390 (manufacturing cost is ₹40) in the box of a ₹50k rupees phone. This is my biggest gripe using this phone. But it\'s a fault of OnePlus not the phone.Edit : Today I bought oneplus\'s official audio adapter from their website for ₹439 (including shipping fee).3. No IP rating & wireless charging - though I don\'t need them.4. Customer Support - No where near the quality of this phone. Few service centres are available. Most of the accessories are out of stock. I am very disappointed with the service of oneplus.5. Tempered glass - No official tempered glass launched by oneplus for op 7 pro whereas it\'s available for the regular 7. I purchased an uv glue glass from a local shop worth ₹600 & the glues are spreading from the sides of the phone. Oneplus should have released their official tempered glass for their best phone.6. Price - I read from the internet that the manufacturing cost of this phone is ₹22k. But you are charging more than  double the manufacturing cost. This phone should have been priced at ₹40k,though it\'s cheaper than samsung and apple\'s flagships.ConclusionMost of the cons I mentioned are related to the support of oneplus not of this phone. Hence,I would suggest everyone who is looking to buy a real flagship, take this one & you won\'t regret.Final rating9.5/10\n', "\nBefore i was using oneplus 6 that was also a great phone but after this I'm in love with it's curved display.. Now my old oneplus 6 looks me dull as compared to this beauty.. Apart form display the camera quality also good. extra Wide angle sensor gives more area to captured, indisplay fp is very accurate & fast, powerful sd855 processor gives awesome performance, New 30 watt warp charger(faster than dash charger) took around 1hr to get device full charge(4030mhz) and last easily full day(6-7hrs sot).\n", '\nSwitching from OP3 to OP7 Pro. Handsdown Best display for the price, fantastic interface, moderate fingerprint reader and camera which i guess will improve with software upgrades( i am comparing the camera with pixel and s10+). Sound quality is awesome both on speaker and headphones as well. Built quality is awesome, no hassle with popup camera. Got 8gb+256gb variant. Battery is also good and wrap charger is saviour. Best phone at 52k.. cheers OnePlus. Never ever settle for less.Ram management is superb. HDR10+ is just fantastic for viewing contents on mobile( Amazon Prime, netflix etc).Delivery was as always awesome. Thank u Amazon for that. Keep up the good work.\n', '\npros:93% screen to body ratio :ofluid amoled 90hz displayoxygen osbeast in gamingwarp charging(55+ mins for full charge 0 to 100) and (30 mins for 0 to 70).cons:battery life ( if u use in qhd+ and 90hz, 4 hours 30 mins screen on time) or ( if u use fhd+ and 60hz, 7 hours screen on time). but then , this warp charging makes it a NEGLIGIBLE issue.fingerprint scanner is not so fast and accurate.......(well cant expect much from a optical fingerprint scanner.slightly heavier than a normal smartphone (well its huge.....)\n', '\nOne of the best looking smartphones out there. The display looks amazing, it is super smooth. The fingerprint scanner is also fast and better compared to 6T and other phones having indisplay fingerprint scanner. The camera have been improved a lot from past models(I used to have OnePlus 5T and also used OnePlus 6T for sometime). The battery backup is fine if you are using 60hz and 1080p resolution it would easily last a whole day even after gaming for 1.5-2hrs and with heavy usage of other apps. Speakers are also good they are quite loud enough. Charging speed is also good ..it charges from 0-100% in approx 1hr 16min average.Overall really good device. The constant updates makes it even better. Smooth and bloatware free OS.\n', '\nThis product is a beast....with all the features and the 6.7" screen with the 90hz makes it a perfect match for movies and video.....with the latest snapdragon 855 the phn is lighting fast......But not having a earphone or at least a type C to 3.5mm converter in the package was a bit of disappointment.Though the phn is not officially certified waterproof but from my previous one plus experience I could tell u it\'s not much of an issue....the device is water resistant to a good extentLastly the camera .....the portrait mode is legit....it has an amazing field of view.....the primary lenses also does a pretty decent job.....but the ultrawide lens is not up to the mark.....the dynamic range is not good and the photo also looks a bit noisy.....so some research is required on that part...The front facing selfie camera also does a good job....my best SELFIE CAMERA by farOverall if u ask me it\'s a pretty decent device to go with your daily activities and gaming; editing and other stuff like thatU won\'t regret buying this..😄😄\n', '\nFinger print is very goodCamera good qualityBattery backup good\n', "\nIt has an amazing display and it's buttery smooth with the 90hz refresh rate! The camera is a beast tho. Battery is decent. 6hrs sot once fully charged. And while gaming I get around 3-3.5hrs sot in fanatic mode while playing pubg! But people who are looking for more performance and better battery backup and smoothness, I would recommend them to go with Asus Rog Phone 2. By the way this review is from a long time OnePlus user and also Rog user! Peace. Have a good day! :)\n", "\nThis is hands down the fastest phone out right now and will be for the rest of 2019 and 2020 until Oneplus 8 comes out. Oneplus tinkers with Android OS to prioritise on speed. This phone would easily last someone 3+ years. The screen is absolutely stunning and the 90hz motion on the screen makes it one of the best screens out. Camera is also brilliant and takes amazing pictures. It's got wide angle lens which I absolutely love. Similar to go pro. It's also got standard lens which takes great photos on day and at night too. And a zoom lens. Battery life is also very good and would easily last a day. I never have to worry about storage since it has enough to store for over 2 years for me. Google photos backs up unlimited photos and videos for free so I don't have to always keep photos in my device. So 256gb storage is an overkill and I love it. The price of this phone is a few hundred pound cheaper than others and is better to me! You would absolutely love the warp charger. It will charge your phone to around 50% in 20 minutes. It is a lot faster than Samsungs fast charge. The best part is that it will still charge fast even if you're using the phone where as other chargers will slow it down a lot. I have zero regrets from getting this phone! Thank you Oneplus for making an amazing phone.\n", '\nI don’t how they are charging so premium without quality,1+6t camera was so good so I thought of going for 1+7 pro but it’s not at all worth it I was using VIVO V15pro camera was much better simply I ve sold it for this worst phone\n', "\nPros:Kickass DisplayRegular Updates/patchesCons:Average camera. What's the point of having a triple camera if apart from the main cam, the other two are below par.Battery life is very average given the size and price. Getting a screen on time of 4-6 hrs.Too heavy and bulky.My indian sim card had no signal in Europe for the whole trip while my wife's OnePlus 5 with indian sim was able to latch on to networks in europe. Both of us use Jio.In display Finger scanner is a pain in the assFor the price I expected a better phone.\n", "\nI am using one plus 7 pro since the day it was launched in India. I am using the Mirror Grey version.I was waiting to complete at least 2 months before I post a review here.It is worth the money. So many people told me that the phone is looking great and asked me which brand it is.You will never go back to 60Hz refresh rate phones once you start using this 90Hz version.I admit that the phone is a bit heavier than the one which I was using before (Xperia Z5 premium), however, it doesn't matter.4 K videos are just awesome, the camera quality is very nice.The Dolby Atmos feature and the dual speaker combo is my favorite.All these are the Pros of PRO.Now, I have the habit of finding the wrong things when I find something too good :D-  No headphones jack, they don't provide the C-type headphones connector-  One plus wireless bullet earphones are always out of stock- Little heavier- Not that pocket-friendly\n", '\nIt is a complete package the only flaw is the 3.5mm jack but u should also consider the power this product packs so not getting a jack is understandable. Awesome camera quality and good battery life lasts me the whole day on only one charge the 90Hz display is the best thing in this device. I just love it.\n', '\nThe One Plus 7 Pro exceeds expectations. Excellent seamless transitioning between apps and very good camera. Definitely worth it !\n', "\n1st of all package arrived as per the committed date. Package was well packed and phone looks very premium with nebula blue colour. And the given tpu case was very nice and protective too. All box contents are ok but if the type c to 3.5mm connector is they given means it would be nice. Bcas we have to purchase it by additional cost..Pros:Display quality qhd display90hrtz refresh rate was niceFinger print reader was better sometime lagsWarp charger do's it's work betterNetwork connectivity and voice clarity also niceAndroid 10 after update battery is quite goodConsNo type c to 3.1 connectorAnd I can't get normal temper glass for this model bcas it needed uv tempered glass it cost you min 700/-Camera software could be updatedBulky in hand bcas of 208gm weightAnd need to be aware while holding phone in single handSo far better premium looking phone for this priceWorth to buying it\n", '\nWell, The phone is a beast for sure. You get most of the thing right. Phone is bit on the heavy side. And curved screen needs extra care. Curved screens are not ideal for reading and gaming stuffs. If you dont have any problem with it, Then this can be your ideal phone. Camera is good, but not flagship level. If you love your photos very much and doesnt care about storage or display or high end processor move to pixel 3a. Everything else is super flow and super fast.\n', "\nSuperb phone. Ordered on 16th and received on 17th @ 09:30 AM. It's a beast. Awesome phone.\n", "\nAfter using 1 month I am giving this feedback. Akdam Makkan performance no issue in term of performance. Very intelligently  one plus team managed battery optimisation even after continuously playing pub g watching YouTube scrolling Instagram still easily we can use 1 days without any issue. Camera quality you feel like DSLR camara. 30T Wrap charger very impressive . I gave 4 star Becouse even after paying 43k they haven't provided 3.5mm Jack connector in the box.\n", '\nGood flagship at affordable price\n', '\nThis phone is a masterpiece! Excellent performance overall. Switched from ios to android after 5 years and was not expecting such good results. I am using OP7Pro from last 4 days and it’s so good I can’t describe. Worth every penny. Truly best in the market, a big thumbs up to OnePlus for making this beautiful device.\n', "\nThe phone comes with lots of exciting features. Will update about pros qnd cons after 1 month.The beauty about the phone is it's screen and camera. The photo was clicked on portrait mode.Please note, the box doesn't contains usb type c to 3.5 mm headphone adapter.\n", "\nI Ordered OnePlus 7 Pro on 7th Jan 3pm & received on 8th Jan 4pm....Amazon 1 day Delivery was awesome...Got the Phone at a very exciting price of 43000 (8+256)....Now coming to the Phone... Everything is Great....Great Camera Quality....Rear camera is Very Good and takes perfect day & Night Pictures..Front Pop up Camera is also Good..Display is Butterly. You will be surprised to see the touch & overall display quality including the 90hz refresh rate..Battery Life is ok....But the wrap charging 30 does the job very well...Is charges the Phone in a few minutes & when charged 100% it easily lasts for a full day if u are a heavy user...I didn't find any cons.....This was my experience after 5 days of usage..\n", "\nA fantastic phone for the price, although as for OnePlus standards the price is bit too high but considering current crop of smartphone offering same specs one could argue this phone worth the asking price.  Build quality is really good as with any modern flagship smartphone.and a fantastic display to compliment excellent build quality. I would say the best display OnePlus put to a smartphone since it's inception. Colors are vivid and punchybut not as oversaturated as Samsung. Camera has been improved a lot. 48MP main camera does a good job in good lighting condition. Although the inclusion of ultrawide camera is a welcome addition the quality of the photo you receive from this sensor is not on par with the main camera. It sis to be expected since it is using much smaller sensor than the main one. But the two photos using these camera is Stark contrast with one another. It is the same story with telephoto lens as well. Fingerprint sensor on this smartphone is an under disply optical sensor, although this technology in paper will sound good but in practice the technology is not matured yet and much slower than the capacitive one we used to. But one area this smartphone redeem itself is the display, the 90hz display in the OnePlus is one of the best display in any smartphone right now. It is an absolute delight to use in everyday. Then there is software. OnePlus's skin on smartphone is the best other than the stock Android. It is smooth and highly responsive and overall much better experience than the other manufactures tend to do with their software. In summery it's a looker of a smartphone that has some great features display and software experience among those and some so-so features like camera and in display fingerprint reader.\n", "\nbang for buck... the hardware, the craftsmanship.. what a marvel this machine is...high speed surf-boarding is what comes to my mind every time I operate it...runs like the wind... this is truly the 'master of all'... the cosmetic appeal, the functionality and the bumper cameras are drool worthy...All of it, packaged into a mirror grey body that u would yearn to hold in ur hand and grin at. 😁\n", "\nFirstly I would like to say that this mobile is currently one of the fastest android smartphones in the market. Now let's go to the PROS and CONS of this device. This is my review after using it for one week.PROS-1) Beautiful and elegant design with Gorilla Glass 5.2) Full-View Display with beautiful curved edges with 90Hz and 2K resolution with AMOLED Panel(on par with SAMSUNG).3) The Camera performance has improved tremendously after the Android 10 update. I would rate it to be as same as Samsung Galaxy S10 and way better than the iPhone 11(not Pro & Max). The main shooter is a 48MP camera(Sony IMX586) with an aperture of F1.6, a sensor size of 1/2'. The telephoto camera is an 8MP with an optical zoom of 3X and an aperture of F2.4. Both these cameras have OIS+EIS and can record videos in 4K 60fps. The ultra-wide camera is a 16MP shooter with a FOV of 116 degrees and an aperture of F2.2. The primary camera has great low-light performance and Night Mode is just awesome. The selfie camera is a pop-up module and I find it to be really attractive.4) Do I need to say anything about the performance? This one's a beast with the Snapdragon 855 chipset, 6GB RAM and 128GB UFS 3.0 storage.5) You all have heard the name, right? Oxygen OS-the best version of stock Android that you can get. Snapdragon 855 and Oxygen OS- a marriage made in heaven. Blistering speeds, no lags or crashes till now(Make sure to perform a factory reset after upgrading from Android 9 to Android 10 otherwise you may encounter lags or crashes).6) WARP Charging- this is one of the most useful features of OnePlus. WARP Charge ensures that the 4000mAh battery goes from 0-50% in just 30 minutes. I generally don't let my mobile go beyond 25% charge and WARP charge ensures that I can top my device from 25%-100% in just around 1 hour.7) Stereo Speakers with DOLBY ATMOS- it gives depth to music and watching movies is a pleasure on this device.8) In-display Fingerprint Scanner- this is one of the fastest in-display fingerprint scanner out there. It unlocks the device in less than a second.Now coming to the CONS of this device-1) No Notification LED- there is no physical notification LED on this device. So in case of missed events, you have to wake the device to see them.2) Missing Software Features- Some software features are missing on this device. Always-ON-Display is not there. Come on OnePlus, you have a team of high skilled developers and since the device comes with an AMOLED panel, I find no reason to exclude this feature.3) The pre-applied screen protector is of no use. It has bubbles and will automatically come off after 5-6 hours of usage. A good tempered glass and a good protector case is recommended. The provided case doesn't live up to the expectations and I highly doubt if it will protect the mobile in case of an accidental drop.4) Phantom Touches- I know it's a software glitch but sometimes these phantom touches are really irritating. They have really decreased since the Android 10 update but occasionally I still get them. A software update should fix the issue.5) Lack of MACRO Photography- This one is really a bummer. For some odd reason, OnePlus did not include a MACRO lens or a specialised motor in OnePlus 7 Pro like they did in OnePlus 7T Pro. As a result, you don't get a specialised MACRO Mode.6) The telephone camera does not support video recording and nightscape. OnePlus should address this issue with a software update.7) No headphones are provided. At this price point, a decent pair of headphones are seriously expected.8) Pricing- I got this mobile during Amazon Great Indian festival for around 43k. I feel this price to be a bit on the higher side. 40k is perfect for this mobile.So considering all the above points, I would rate it 4.5 and will recommend this mobile to someone who wants a fast and smooth Android experience without any bloatware and one of the best cameras available right now.\n", "\nPresenting the best phone is the budget presented the 90hz is a visual delight, no doubt the in screen fingerprint reader is a bit slower than the conventional methods, camera add an extra dimension to the photography it's not just good it's really good. Nightsight could be a bit better but still it has come leaps and bounds since the 'dark ages' the battery life leaves more to be desired for but warp charge is the best thing to be adapted with in half an hour i can go from nay to gaming without thinking will the charge last or not.... It's just the best...\n", "\nFull screen display feels always happy on investment.Very much like Night mode photos clicking and photos quality is very good.Charger: no comments always take less time and extend long life of batteryFlipped camera works very smootherHave wireless casting facilityDevice Support all south Indian language (Kannada, Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam,Marathi) and Hindi, Gujarati English (Indian) and others.One Suggestion:1) If you provide the branded earphone with device.2) User manual available only in English and other international language. Kindly add Hindi language as mandatory as well as  if you added other Indian regional language that's would be for better.\n", "\nIt is worth it. Camera was not upto the mark before update, but it has improved a lot recently. And future updates will definitely make it a great shooter.Other than that you'll love 90hz display, Fast, clean and uncluttered UI, and overall premium feel.Only issue is it is hard to find good cheap tempered glass atm and there is no official tempered glass from oneplus available yet.Overall, it is worth the money.\n", '\nI am using this phone from 1 months must say this is the best smooth and fast phone i have ever used till datei think every one knows about its specs and looks so i dont need to tell about that allI just tell you about its brief battery lifeSo if you are going to use this phone for calls whatsapp and media consumption you will get 5 or 5 n half hrs of screen on time or you can increase a bit by lower the screen refresh rate and resolutionBut If you play PUBG in this mobile then it will give you max 4:30 mins SOT and if you use its fanatic mode then you will get 4 hrs of SOT if you lower its resolution and screen referesh rate then it increase a bit by 15 min or half an hours of timeYou will get Warp charger in the box which is 30w charger so you can full charge your device 1:30 hrsOve all its a gud purchase and after purchase i got 3 to 4 OTA updates and oneplus rectify its bugs and camera issues and lots of minor improvementsAlao if you are planning to buy this phone then buy one armoured case for the phone security aa phone is very slim and you can not handle without caseif budget is not your concern you can definitely go for it or else you can look for op 7ConsThe cons i have noticed is its weight,no ip rating and average battery life rest all looks perfect to me\n', '\nWithout  a doubt the best smartphone experience you can get for the price. A true masterpiece.  One thing to note is anyone who is planning to buy one be prepared to use a large phone.\n', '\nGreat product ... ultra smooth .. great build quality ... best smartphone in premium segment :)\n', "\nPros:1. Camera quality is superb2. Look is pretty stylish and decent with curve edges3. Processor is really fast and can be used for heavy gaming experience with 4k quality screen4. Smooth interface experience5. Fingerprint pretty fastCons:Battery drains really quickFingerprint doesn't work sometimes\n", '\nThe screen is just amazing.Noholes,notches or gimmicks just the way I like it. Nebula blue is my new favorite color.The camera is the best compared to previous OnePlus products.The battery life is short but saved by the Warp Charge.All in all , an great smartphone.\n', "\nLoved this phone. The features included translate into a real world excellent experience. The 8GB RAM is more than enough. Using GCam with this improves photo quality, but one plus is also putting software updates. A solid phone that's worth the money we're investing in it.\n", "\nJust buy it if your budget allows. Everything is premium in this phone. Display, Camera, performance everything is great. I saw few reviews, people comparing camera with low end phones. The difference is the new AI feature with mid range phone which is just a software upgrade. AI camera images looks great but are automatically editing when clicked. This is the reason people feel some mid ranged phone phones camera are good but actually that's not. That's just a software they use.Taking that into consideration each and every thing is worth.\n", "\nGreat product.Snappy and superfast as u will expect from a Oneplus phone.Packed with the powerful Snapdragon 855 processor.Camera also excellent especially after update.Battery life surprisingly good and that Warp Charge is ultra fast.Display is best that any smartphone can get with 1440p Oled display and refresh rate of 90 Hz which sets it apart from competition.Gaming is the best experience with this display and powerful processor. Can play PUBG on HDR and Extreme graphics without any sort of lag. Too smooth.In display fingerprint scanner is the fastest I've ever seen.10 layer cooling tech works like wonders. Its nearly impossible to get this phone too hot. Even after long periods of gaming it stays cool.\n", '\nOverall experience of this phone is amazing, that display and the speed of this phone with that processor, refresh rate and Oxygen-OS work so well together, this phone is butter. Well worth the price tag, yes its expensive but it is not overpriced. Also got one year manufacturers warranty and 6 months of screen replacement protection plan. Lack of headphone jack and even the dongle is unfortunate, but I can look past it since I really love this device.\n', "\nMy sister bought this phone. As expected this is an amazing phone and has every feature one could expect. Battery life is almost a day (sometimes even more). Camera clarity is amazing. One thing I didn't like about this series is that OnePlus hasn't released tempered glass for it yet and every other tempered glass is just not good enough. After 6 months or so the camera clarity is very poor.\n", "\nDon't waste your money buying this... One plus 7 is better than 7 pro\n", "\nDISAPPOINTED !!!This purchase was a surprise disappointment ! This is my 3rd 1plus buy... Have always loved their phones .This time around , I have recieved my OnePlus 7pro phone with a sort of notch on the side of the phone ,below the on- off button . Initially looked like a part of the bezel , but then I realised that the pixels were not working in the area . The black bezel like spot also has a voilet hallo around it . Haven't used the phone much to comment on the battery life, camera quality is decent . Fingerprint reader is not the best...OnePlus team and Amazon team have been cooperative so far..Have already enlisted for a replacement.\n", '\nAwesome phone, everything is flagship level. Fastest phone on the planet you can buy now.\n', "\nThe best phone in this world at present. This one is awesome phone. I always bought only phones in 10k range because they provided everything and lasted easily 2 years. But I have only one life and I wanted to experience a flagship phone. So I bought this, and I am so happy. It is an eye Turner, the shiny glass back and the pop up selfie camera and the one plus logo itself. So people ask me the cost of this phone when they see it. Believe it people, OnePlus is the real status in today's world, not apple because their starting prices are same. Everything is good about this phone. I want to use this phone for atleast 5 years. I would be so happy if OnePlus provided security updates for 3 years instead of 2 years.\n", '\nGarbage Phone oF the year .  i think redmi note 7 pro Better than OP7pro.n Big prblm touch is Not working in 6 days use of phone...\n', '\namazing design and display quality.facelock,fingerprint lock super.performance is terrible.battery is not bad.white balance of the camera is little bad.anyway nice product.i really liked it.OnePlus give me an amazing product.\n', "\nAfter using 20 days am writing this review...I have taken this mobile for business purpose I'll sale garments through online through wassup.....just bought this mobile for purpose of wassup....itz strucking very badly.... messages won't load itself when I open the app only messages vl be downloaded......uptil no messages goes to any another member......really very bad strucking when using wassup.....want to exchange but within one week return option closed ...now wat to do no one to contact and to ask.....plz help me...this is out my budget taken in EMI but no use always strucks very irritating....\n", "\nAwesome phone! I waited 6 months and it was worth everything. Thankgod I didn't buy Samsung S10 series.. Really got lucky. Now I'm a one plus fan.. thanks one plus for wonder Device ❤️\n", '\nI am facing lot of echo problem. After paying 53k this was not expected from One Plus Family. Disappointed.\n', "\nI am writting this review after extensively using this phone for more than two weeks. Let's divide it in pros and cons.Pros-1- One of the best feature of this phone is it's Display.  It's Quad HD display is one of the best in the market and at par with the likes of S10, iPhone series.2- The curved display gives a brilliant overall premium look and practicality to this phone. The curve is so subtle that it kind of flows in the phone and gives you a better grip.3-  90hz refresh rate is like you slipping I'm butter. It's is so smooth that you will feel odd using other mobiles. You can feel the difference as soon as you pick this phone.4- After the camera update all bugs are gone now and the picture quality you are getting at this price is brilliant and on par with likes of Samsung and iPhone. You just have to change the camera settings to get the best out of it. There are 1000 plus videos to guide you through it.5- Stereo Speaker, A person who has used One plus before will understand what a drastic improvement one plus has done on sound quality. It's is loud, it's is crisp and any audiophile will like it.6- Call quality. Cellular call quality and reception is good with this phone. There is no lag or anything with this device.7- Built quality- The phone is premium looking, well built beast. No flaws or air gaps you can find and it gives you an confidence when you hold it in your hands.Cons-1-  First I have to right this. There are so many reviews for this phone giving 1 star and stating that they have seen on YouTube that it comes with a headphone and they didn't receive it. I mean this  is heights of stupidity guys. Firstly, in description only it is clearly mentioned what all comes with the phone and secondly youtubers get a review unit which is totally different from a retail unit. One cannot judge a phone on this particular thing.2- Battery- So you have a big battery here and with a moderate to heavy media use it will last you to 12-14 hours.This includes 2-3 hours callingSocial media consumptionStreaming sites consumption ( as World Cup in going on and we want India to win)So, battery will give you above average use but it is definitely not bad. Morey, one can change the 90hz refresh rate setting to 60hz and Qhd to Hd setting if you want more battery life, but again what's the fun here.3- 3.5 mm headphone jack- So I was one of guys who was really disappointed with this move of removing 3.5 mm jack. But, after getting this phone I got good Bluetooth headphone and I understood that what I was missing. Sound quality wise the opinion is divided among people as some say you get better sound quality over Bluetooth and some say it is better with 3.5 mm headphone jack. But, the kind of freedom you get with wireless device is way way better. And after you get a wireless earbuds or headphone you will understand that it is way better than wired ones. So, personally this is not a con for me now.4- weight- Phone is definitely heavy when you compare to other phones. But, you will get use to it. And after some time you will feel more confident with the weight of this phone while handling. It is not an issue.Conclusion- So one plus was a brand which use to kill the flagships of the year and now it has created a flagship of its own. We should understand this that usually a flagship phone which we get from Samsung or Apple at 70-80k, here we are getting it for 50k. This phone gives you all the premium features at a lesser price than its competitors.So, if you have a budget of around 50k. You should go for this phone without even thinking twice definitely it's flagship of the year with the price point it comes. Just go for it guys!!!!!!\n", "\nLets not start a paragraph & jumping into pros & cons :PRO'S ;Screen : The screen is really impressive & the slight curved edges are adding an awesome impression every time you look at the display .Speed : It has 0 lag . Currently I am using op7 pro 8Gb variant & it runs without any lag till now .Have played games like pubg & asphalt but it runs smooth & fast without any issues .Also no major heating issues has been observed even after running pubg for more than 2 hours .Camera : Its a next generation camera which I have not experienced before . The low light images are mind blowing & can compare with any DSLR . The AI camera quickly adopts to any scene automatically & switches its mode . Landscape photography even at night seems pretty awesome .The front camera is pretty much realistic & will give a genuine image without much beauty or skin smoothing effect . (Those can be added externally if you wish) .Fingerprint / Face unlock : Works more than fine .Battery : Really awesome . gives around 6 hours of Screen on time with constant FB / Messenger / insta / you tube stream / 2 hrs of pubg on high graphics . Without gaming you can have 8 hours of S.O.T without any doubtAdd on : It has horizon lightning instead of notification LED . Every time you receive a notification the edge will glow up . It looks quite premium & stylish .Delivery & packing : Within a single day without any issue .CON'S :The phone is quite heavy compared to my previous one plus 5 . It really pains the fist if you grab it single handed for long time as its 208 gm . (Still you can manage it I believe as its not a thor's hammer ).No notification LED . Instead of that ambient display & horizon lightning is there but still i prefer the edge old notification LED .No 3.5 mm jack . You can buy a type c to 3.5 mm converter spending 250 rs more from Amazon  .No more cons . Overall its a performance phone with a premium look , holding it you can stand out of the crowd & can make yourself an attraction point :)\n", '\nThis is my first one plus phone..I bought this phone for display,speed,storage.. I am satisfied with all these three things..added advantage is a camera..over all the infinite display is awesome,speed is super and storage is 256gb..Love this phone..Battery charging is faster..it has warp charging feature..once charged can use for a day..I will give 3.7/5 for  battery..\n', "\nWell, One plus has outdone itself this time.Each aspect of the phone, Camera, Battery life, Screen resolution, Touch, Fingerprint reader, Speed, Oxygen OS, Sound and the over all user experience has been made so awesome and perfect that I don't crave for more. You buy this, you'll forget everything else. There are over priced phones out there in the market but they won't come close to this beast. I am 110% satisfied and hope One plus keeps making awesome stuff in the future\n", "\nWriting this review after 1.5 monthSo guys the 90hz screen the best part you will definitely call in love with it from the day one it's buttery smooth with sd 855 man it's a beast playing HD games feels great on this phone.Charging is also fast ever morning I plug my device and I get my device all juiced up before leaving office in about an hour.Although it has no 3.5 mm headphone jack but you can go for Bluetooth headphones or buy the c type bullets available at OnePlus website (they are awesome) or but the connector available at OnePlus website, so stop making a fuss about 3.5 mm jack (u are spending around 50k here, go buy a decent headphone too).Camera after the updates improved a lot and now pictures are quite good, still there are some issues with lowlight photos but in proper light the photos are good. Front camera selfie is also good no issues with that.Overall a nice phone, a bit overpriced (after looking at the price of k20 pro 😛) but yes it's still the flagship killer and way better than many of it's competitors.\n", "\nIt was a good phone...Display is great. The responsiveness of finger print scanner is disappointing....the primary camera was super. Selfie camera could have been better....One more thing to note is that, it's a huge phone...you may want to try it before buying it !I found some heating issue with the phone during the calls...\n", '\nOne of the beast in this price rangeEven in mid 2020 this is the best choice for the price1. Oxygen OS is so fluid and blazing fast.2. No lags at all and butterly smooth.3. Aggressive RAM Management4. Display is outstanding, Colors are best , Viewing angles are great.5. Processor is Blazing fast.6. Battery is Amazing Screen on time is almost about of 6 hrs with 1.5 hr gaming , Switching between mobile data and wifi , Streaming OTT , Watching YouTube .7. very well optimised software.\n', "\nSuper terrific phone. The display is out of the world. Buttery smooth touch due to the 90hz display refresh rate. Oxygen OS is simply the best and does not have any glitches. Recently got the Android 10 update also which is having much more features.Ther is no lag experienced while playing games requiring high performance and graphics. Fanatic mode is an added advantage for this.Coming to the battery department, I am able to use my phone for one and half days in a single charge. Icing on the cake is the 30W warp charger which charges from 0 to 70% battery in just 30 mins.Only con is in the camera department and that too it's not very bad, but not up to the expectation from a flagship phone. Particularly the selfie camera.Overall very much happy and impressed with this phone. Thank you OnePlus 🙂\n", '\nTremendous Excellent mobile phone by One +All the features is amazing 😍😍😍😍Camera Quality is amazing especially Pop up camera looks 😎 cool.\n', '\nI am going to write a short review...The packaging and the delivery was fast got the product 2days before delivery date..thanx to amazon.Coming to the product,For me the screen which is quad hd display along with 90hz refresh rate was the main reason i choose the phone.. Display(9.5/10)Battery backup depends on the purpose you are using the phone for, for heavy usage it should last around 7 hours and in light to medium usage it should last for a whole day.. Battery(7.5/10)Camera is the weakness that one plus devices have been facing the most..but thanx to the software updates and good software optimisation the camera is now good although if you are looking for a camera centric phone this is not the phone u are looking for.. Camera(7/10)Special Note- This is not the best phone but with all the hardware and software optimisation this is the perfect balance that one plus has achieved and i must say that the display only is enough to blow you away...hope this helps you.\n', '\nThis device is a beast. But please do consider that it is thicker and taller then previous generations. Also bit on a heavier side.. you will get used to it though.Performance wise its definitely top of the evolution chain.If you want top of the line fast phone this one is for you. If not then the next one starts at 20k+ more in Samsung s10 plus with ugly puch hole display. So choose wisely.\n', '\nI think best phone in #2019 from One plus. I also exchange my one plus 6 to one plus 7 pro blue colour 12gb ..  I can tell it with 100% believe that you can choose it to close you eyes\n', "\nAlmond colour is a showstopper, OnePlus has indeed showcased their masterpiece in terms of overall built (perfection). The in-display fingerprint reader is insanely fast, in my opinion it's on par with traditional one's. Yes, the camera could use some work but I feel it's nothing an OTA can't fix (at least the hardware is strong to handle future fixes). The game changer for OnePlus is the DISPLAY, it is just gorgeous with QHD and 90hz panel (a visual treat indeed). Last but not the least, performance from the core chipset and the delivery by oxygen OS is right where you'd expect SUPERIOR. Gaming, scrolling through apps, movies, songs everything is just so different on OnePlus 7 pro. I really can't imagine going back to a regular 60hz panel anymore. Excellent job OnePlus, we are now a true Flagship Killer!!!\n", "\nI don't know what others are saying about the phone..Looks like they are disappointed but according to me this is the sexiest phone ever been sold in the market.. I am using it for quite sometime now it is working just fine.. It has an amazing display which attracts ppl towards it plus the speed of the phone is ultimate.\n", "\nOne plus is milking Indian consumers by offering step by step variants.This phone is poor in battery and attract scratch very eaisly.Due to curves , it's not easy to apply tempered glass on phone and most of the shopkeepers struggle on this.Overall expectations are not met.Better you buy 1 plus 7t because 12 GB Ram is not actually active 12 GB Ram which we have tested.\n", '\nBest in class than compared to other brands for the same specs, many bugs are solved on frequent updates and hope camera quality also improves with future update.Finger print reader is fast and simply amazing.Battery life is good, the best thing is warp charge. So any where you are get it charged within 20min and more than 80% of your battery gets ready, for safety purpose get yourself screen protector for the phone first, since the display is one which gets affected in case of any physical damage. Hope the after sale service is also good by oneplus.\n', '\nSimply the best deal in the Android world right now. Stupendously quick and delightful performance! Forget all the reviews saying average battery life, I get 7 hours with 90 hz, qhd+, wifi and location on all the time.Love the nebula blue gradient. And the screen, o my god! What a treat.\n', '\nCamera quality is very poor. Being a premium phone, the One Plus brand did not pay much attention on primary camera. The primary camera comes with 16MP, but the resolution is not as expected. The selfies taken by MI is far better then the one captured by this phone. The One Plus brand should take this feedback very seriously and try to fix it up by providing some updated camera software updates.Very much disappointed as far as camera is concerned.The package lacks the Type C USB to audio jack converter. The One Plus should take up this feedback and include the one in the pack.As far as battery back up is concerned, it is very good. Luckily I did not get carried away by other reviews on Amazon :).\n', '\nCamera quality has been improved drastically over the last few updates.The device feels premium.The indisplay fingerprint is preety fast.The warp charge is very quick and oxygen is feels smooth as butter.Preety good deal for the price if comes to S10+ which cost around 70k mark.\n', "\nA killer flagship !!Display is out of the world with this 90hz panel. It feels buttery smooth.The warp charge is mind-blowing. It could get me to a full charge in an hour.Finger print reader is pretty accurate and also the pop up face unlock is a head turner.Audio quality,Call quality,Video quality,Ram management,Network Coverage all are as expected and is perfect.The camera is kind of good, I mean the primary 48mp and the 16 mp pop up camera are great to use, but the wide angle and telephoto do need a lot of improvements. The portrait mode could also be a bit improved.The battery is not terrible, but should carry around the charger if travelling for a day.The phone is pretty huge and heavy, but don't know if that's much of a big deal.Overall a futuristic smartphone with pretty descent value for money. I definitely bought this device over the regular one plus 7 for the screen and it's obviously worth it. Add a warp charge that can give a full charge in about an hour, a very satisfying haptic feedback, a definite head turner popup cam, triple cam setup and it's very much a value for money flagship !!\n", '\nPremium Look.... Nebula Blue variant i stunning...\n', "\nWill keep it concise & helpful:Oneplus has successfully manufactured a device, very capable in almost every aspect; here are the pros and cons though:Pros:1. Sturdy & beautiful built2. Immersive screen(even at 60Hz its beautiful, 90Hz just takes it to the next level)3. Loud sound & crisp, clear voice( in voice calls)4. Blazing fast...Never hangs or freezes...5. Camera hardware is top notch!6. Perfect weight distribution, feels so great to even hold it.Cons:Battery's just an average performerFingerprint reader takes a few days/weeks to calibrate.Camera software should be tweaked and improved, hardware has a lot of potential\n", '\nExcellent phone.\n', '\nAt this the price is little bit high but the quality of phone is awesome. Seems like premium one. Overall the phone is awesome. Front camera is good compared to S10 Plus.\n', "\nBattery back up is not up to the mark, i am using this phone since 4 months, in early days phone's battery back up was too good, now its battery drains too fast. If u are a heavy gamer, i will suggest u to not to buy this phone, u will really disappoint. Today if i charge 100 percent, i can play only 2 to 2.30 hours maximum(PUBG). Although Charging speed is good, in 1 hour u can charge more than 90 percent. Except battery i do not have any bigger problem ever since face in this phone, one whtspp issue was there, the phone hangs when u send or upload the photo, but later on they fix that problem. Built quality is good, 1 or 2 times the phone was fallen from my hand from  2 to 3 foots, but it's screen doesn't damage.\n", "\nI would be more than happy if someone help me to report all issues i am facing with device to one plus 7 pro authority.I think the device i am using is not up to the mark as it's performance is very poor as compared to OnePlus6,  OnePlus6t, OnePlus7 and other OnePlus7Pro,  may be it's defected piece.Everytime while using almost every application like FB,  Netflix or any other the device is getting freeze and personally i don't think so that is common for oneplus device when you have 256GB ROM and 8GB RAM out of which 100GB is available to use.My friends who are using OnePlus6,  6t or OnePlus7 giving them better performance as compared to my device i. e.  OnePlus7Pro.Camera quality for my device is very poor,  unclear and not up to the mark.Portrait feature is not working properly.\n", "\nPros: 2k AMOLED Display, 90 Hz refresh rate, OS, Hardware, fastest fingerprint reader, 33W fast chargerCons: camera(it's not great but not bad either considering the price point) , No wireless charging (it not much of an issue for me as the super fast charging makes up for it), No head phone jack.Note: The battery is average I would say, I'm not a gamer, for me it lasts for a day considering my usage.*Would I recommend it or not?Definitely yes, if you seeking an android phone with great display and speed this phone is definitely for you. Moreover the oxygen os is cherry on top.\n", "\nCamera is awesome. Display couldn't be any better. Processor is good. A bit big screen to handle. Finger print sometimes doesn't recognize. Very smooth to operate. Only drawback is the battery. It drains a lot for 4000 mah capacity. It will still last around 24 hours without games.\n", "\nPhone is excellent but there are some cons also which are 1) No Earphone (only Bluetooth)2) Warp charging doesn't work ... For me in 20min it charge only 35%Battery backup is also not that great while playing games.\n", "\nThe phone is good but there are too much software issues in OnePlus 7 pro feeling very bother on purchase of 7pro. This problem is not solved until the developer's team of OnePlus do something too much software issue in this device. Finally waiting for good and stable updates.\n", "\nIt was slightly better than all basic Chinese phones..like Mi note6/7 pro.. but a big miss in VOLTE CALLING /VOWIFI feature is not available even in oneplus 7pro models.. big disaapoinment at huge cost. Don't buy unless you don't want to use VOLTE or VOWIFI features..as this phone overpriced with lack of VOLTE calling features..in India..Also basic headphone jack converter should be given along with the inbox items after all we are.paying huge money.. company is not interested to give us the headphones .or wireless headphones even..I have a feeling of wasting 52,999 rupees in it.\n", "\nNothing's beats the price point OnePlus is giving. Build quality is awesome. As far as the camera concern, you better get Gcam mod. Talking about the battery life you can get two days battery if you are using your phone for recieving calls and a bit surfing. I spent whole day in tracking and shot 400 beautiful pictures of mountains covered in clouds and a few stunning slow mo videos. Even after a whole day of photography and sharing my pictures, I left with 40% of battery in my phone and that's fantastic. Just love this phone.\n", "\nI have been thinking lot about choosing this one or 7t but I needed display of OnePlus 7 pro so went with it and never had a thought of getting op 7t pro as it is way pricey and not much difference between this one and so1. Display is fantastic one of the best display I have seen ever2. Camera is not that great but it gets job done3. Battery is also on lower side as it's 90hz display consumes lot but as its charges quickly there won't be problem4. As per my usage I would say oxygen os is better than stock in many ways as it have lot and lot of customization5. It's a very minor thing - Haptic motor OMG it's just amazing you'll feel when you use it ..it's really super cool to experience while typing or navigating through gestures or receiving phone calls\n", "\nPros1.Brilliant display90Hz is just beautiful2. Super fast charging even when using the phone3. Snappy fingerprint scannerCons:1. Average battery life ~ 6-7 hrs screen on time2. Camera can be better, I've had some focus issues3. Bring back the 3.5mm Jack\n", "\nI have always been a OnePlus user and have brought 2 & 5. The 7 pro is giving me lot of trouble with performance issue. The touch screen gets frozen at times. Delayed response. I am definitely letdown with 7pro. I paid extra for just the color . Don't know how to get support on my phone issue. Heartbroken fan of OnePlus\n", '\nI was confuse between samsung s10 and one plus 7 pro...finally i bought one plus 7 pro its amazingly fast and value for money. Indisplay fingerprint is awesome its unlock within a sec. Nightscape mode is superb. Battery last a day even after heavy usage and gaming but it has no 3.5 jack and they dont even provide headphone after charging more than 50k that the only negetive thing\n', "\nDon't even buy to think waste of money phone is not even 1% splash proof, if you will have any issues with water damage than they won't consider your phone in warranty and they will let you know that your phone is not even a splash proof. Buy it if you have enough money to spend.\n", "\nWe, in family using oneplus from Gen 1 to Pro ...1, 3, 6T, 7Pro etc. ....this is true market leader and delivers like pro. iphone of Android, that's it! At a great price point.\n", '\nOverall a good mobile though the camera is not upto the mark as when we zoom into an image after clicking all of it gets mixed with the objects in the background. Though the nightscape mode and portrait mode of this phone is just great but normal camera does just a decent job. I was a big fan of OnePlus and was using OnePlus 3 before purchasing this and other than a little hardware update there is nothing much to this device. Also, its not worth the money (58k) just because of no IP rating and poor camera performance.After using for about 3 months I can rate:-Battery performance:- 4.5/5Camera:- 3/5Software:- 5/5Display:- 5/5Value for money:- 3.8/5.\n', '\nThe worst experience I ever had  since I started using mobile. With lot of expectation ordered One Plus 7 Pro,and surprisingly  received a handset  with technical issue. Mobile system was going on updating even after 3 hrs , failed.to update. Have reported the issue to customer care and they  replaced  after 2 days . Even the second mobile has the same problem. I am forced to return the same. What more I can say about my experience ..The worst ever\n', "\nAmazing screen that can rival other flagships from Apple/Samsung, but the camera could have been better. At 57,999 they could've done much better with camera quality, by far this is the only let down, hopefully a software update can fix things to an extent.\n", "\nAwesome phon from one plus ...it's great n smooth experience......I'm the  loyal customer of one plus...And connect with this company from last 4 years...Oxicision os is top class os in Android smart phone.I used one plus 7 pro from last 25 days..it's give smooth n wonderfull experience........but it's have only problem that battery life ....but it's k....it's not matter for this type of big screen n 90hz reefresh rate phone.....its...so smooth n flagship killer phone....I  already have  one plus 5 .....from last 2 years it's great..n now upgreat to one plus 7 pro....great quality from one plus....great service from amazone.....thanks a lot\n", "\nPure performance flagship killer, but not yet flagship.Excellent build quality, super screen, awesome battery backup, pure performance no lag in apps.Super fast charger best in classButAverage camera quality ( my previous were Samsung note 8 and iPhone 6 ) it not compared to anything near to my previous Samsung note 8 in image quality. I can say Samsung s10+ and s10 are real beast in camera don't forget Huawei p30 pro.Fingerprint sensor is super fast but sometimes some apps Don't show up sensor to unlock.If you are looking for camera centric smartphone go for iPhone XR or Samsung s10 series.Oneplus 7pro is best in performance\n", '\nOnce I started using one plus, I have been hooked, good value for money , this is my second exchange through Amazon portal, product meets the expectations in terms of build quality, ease of using, friendly interface,  quick charging, sufficient battery life, commendable sound and image quality.\n', "\nJust getting use to of its supersonic speed. Excellent build quality with the Qualcomm snapdragon 855 processors. Triple wide angle lenses gives you a variety of choices without making it much difficult for naive like me. It's a better deal than any other flagship phone.\n", '\nTop spec premium mobile in less price. Ultra smooth experience with 90hz refresh rate.\n', '\nUpgraded from my lovely OnePlus 5... although not a single problem in it. And am not regretting it.Fluidic display is just awesome best in this price range. Good camera quality.Clear stereo speakers.Super fast professor. I am just Loving it. And i also got free 1year extended warranty.\n', '\nBattery life is amazing,smooth ui , customization to camera can be done also to display and gestures.A lot of things such as display, arrangement of apps ,quick apps,gestures can be done to suit your needs.and the display quality is so cool.Really satisfied I wish they had provided bullets headsets though lack of headphone jack bugs sometimes.Attaching some images clicked on one plus camera\n', "\nAmazing device that's worthy of all the attention it can get from anyone looking at it. You'll instantly fall in love with the display and the speed of the device. Exceptional build quality and design. 100% Flagship level device with no compromises, given the price. Extremely delighted to be using this mobile.\n", '\nUndoubtedly the Best right now!!👍👍👍Its fastest phone that I have ever experienced. There are no hiccups, none what so ever. Overall smooth experience between switching apps and regular functions.The Display is to die for.Magnificent Night mode in camera wide angle.There is just nothing wrong with it.Overall an overwhelming experience.PUBG runs flawlessly ...The phone is so fast it takes some getting used to.Charging speed as advertised.No Complaints.\n', "\nIt's very bad experience for me. I am not sure about camera and battery life.  Because the very first day when I was trying to do device set up it got locked and I couldn't not unlock it by any means.  Amazon sent the technician for it to be fixed.  But it was really an unpleasant experience.  Really I feel like this phone is not worth buying by spending a huge amount. It's a dabba phone.\n", '\nPhone is just amazing...every time i unlock it i just fell in love with the beautiful display...Super fast processing, design is quite good, speakers on this device give a totally different experience while watching movies and playing games.Little dowsides of the device includes-1)Camera:- I am not saying its bad,its above average but one plus could have used a better camera setup just to match this phones other flagship features.2) Battery life: battery% goes a lill fast but can be overcome  with its 30 watts warp charger which is so fast that in just couple of minutes it gets hours of power to manage the tasks.Overall my experience with this phone till date is quite amazing.\n', "\nThe phone is one of the best in the market worth the price. The only complain is it's to heavy 4G only in Indian market, lake in wireless charging, can have a better battery capacity. Also kind of a need suit for PC for better connectivity. Overall a good phone in market at present. Feels premium to use especially for people upgrading from xiaomi MIUI to OnePlus.\n", "\nDisplay is awesome. Buttery smooth touch. Samsung's display looks better cz of the color vividness and saturation. But this one is one of the best display. Processor? 855 sd no need to say more about it. Sound is supergood but still searching for earphones suitable with this device. Just disappointed with the camera. Wide angle is just useless as it has lower angle of view and when you zoom into clicked image its blurry. Same with normal pic. It looks good until you zoom. Pics clicked are not sharp they r soft and blurry. Even redmi phone 15k priced clicks sharper pics than this. 4k 60fps video is certainly something it saves this phone as clarity is really superb. Battery backup is below average for the price you are paying for this device but super fast charging makes up for it.\n", '\nWhat an amazing premium phone, the colour, the build quality, the big curve screen, the speed, battery everything is perfect. I am a oneplus fan. I have been using oneplus 2, oneplus 3 and now directly jumped into 7pro and the oneplus 3 is still running smoothly. Its undoubtedly the flagship killer at this price.\n', '\nVery disappointed.very much dissatisfied pI got the phone yesterday.It is not getting connected to neither WiFi nor any Network for setup installation. Customer service is not responding. tried calling them several times.I want to return this item immediately. Even they are not providing me return option. Help me out. Very much dissatisfied\n', "\nProximity Sensor stopped working within 10 days of arrival. Fingerprint sensor is not at all quick. Battery life is pathetic. Speakers have some aberration coming out of them. Phone heats up all the time. I don't understand the point of launching a costly phone with lower performance.\n", '\nI got Nebula Blue 8GB variant. Awesome speed with matching 90hz smoothness. Camera quality needs improvement (I hope they will improve camera quality in future OTA updates). Battery life is pretty good. I play Pubg and Asphalt and battery lasts for a day. Display so buttery smooth that I cant take my eyes off it.Fingerprint sensor is way too fast.Very happy with overall performance of the phone.Can be improved:Camera qualityBack case. Default one looks like cheap one and destroys overall look of the phone.Default screen guard. (dust magnet)\n', '\nI have used the phone for a month now. The phone is amazing. The screen is definitely the center of attraction.Pros:1. Amazing display.2. Device look and feels really good, the glass back is awesome.3. Battery life is good and the warp charging is insanely fast.4. The brightness, sound quality gives a perfect movie viewing experience.Cons:1. The device is heavy, you might find it difficult to mount it on a lazy handle too.2. The Indian variant lacks 5G. So you might have to upgrade the phone in couple of years.3. The back cover is textured and blocks the color of the phone. Oneplus could have considered a transparent back cover.\n', '\n1. My new One Plus 7 Pro delivered yesterday. But could not be able to set up as Android closes frequently. Tried several times after switch off/on. (Photo of error message enclosed)Contacted Amazon technical team, but response unsatisfactory.  Replacement ordered yesterday evening itself. No response till now.2.  My earlier One Plus 6, after software  updating to ver. 10 , the BSNL 3G/4G sim is working for call and SMS only, but no data service. Went to BSNL and checked. Sim works with other mobile , but not with my OP 6(after updating). APN setting show blank. They says problem with mobile/software.Any solutions?\n', '\nAmazing in every possible way. While everything is top notch quality, the screen is just mesmerising and completely notchless. Loving every bit of it.\n', '\nAt the price tag that OP has released this, its value each rupee. Just a little heavy when used for long hours, but performance is guaranteed. Had been using OP3 for last three years and the upgrade did not disappoint. The front camera is alright, could be better. Look and feel is premium. I wish it had the headphone jack though!\n', '\nI have migrated from apple. Not regreting. Being launched on May19, Not feeling outdated, even after next gen onplus phones are out. Still getting good battery life out of it, without any compromise in preformance. Camera quality is ok, but not the best. You can get good images, if you tweek some settings while in pro cam. Excelent choice for the price range.\n', '\nAwesome looking mobile, on a heavier and bigger in size.I bought Almond colour, i would best looking smartphone out there dated Feb of 2020.Got updates, which seems to have sorted out previous bugs.Not a great fingerprint scanner as compared to previous generations on Oneplus.But they have very good customer service centre so i would any day go out there for a repair.Amazon Now, prime now that i used, i got my mobile delivered in 2 hrs which is top notch.\n', "\nCamera quality is worst. When you are paying 50k you expect a excellent camera quality and a good battery life but one plus 7 pro doesn't have both.In my opinion don't buy this shit gallery automatically forced stop so many small errors in phone\n", '\nFor the first use the battery was draining fastly. Once I recharged to 100 it started to work fine. Camera is good. Curved display with no notch is a pleasure. It felt little pleasant to eyes after switching to other flat screen phones in middle. Overall killer looks with good performance .\n', '\nOne the best phone, very fast in processing and finger sensor, Definitely far betteer than K20 Pro, looks so rich especially Almond color. I juat love it. Overall value for money and Amazon exchange policy is best, Amazon no comparison in service, delivery, product quality and exchange policy faar better than Flipkart. I tried my old phone to exchange on flipkart but they rejected just for small scratch on side but Amazon accepted even without charger, without asking anything, so much happy with Amazon service. Never ever process mobile exchange on Flipkart, they are just money eater. Amazon is best in everything. One plus 7 pro awesome. Z👌\n', "\n1)Display is awesome2)Finger print reader is bit slow and sometimes it doesn't recognises your finger.. you have to enter password and reaccess.3) Camera quality is good and slow-motion video is good. And it could have better filters added while taking pictures.4) Battery backup is good. While charging mobile gets heated.5) Screen resolution is really good.6) After an upgrade to Android10, there are lot of bugs. Phone hubgs on most of the applications.\n", "\nDislike: Camera is medicore. Don't fall in marketing gimmick of 48 MP., Precision, blah!  blah!Selfie camera has inbuilt face smoothening effect. So if you guys are looking for originality for you pictures, forget it.at .6x mode expect faces to be dishaped a bit. (Yes, you read it correctly- dishaped)Likes: battery lifeOverall if you are looking for a good camera phone look out for other options..\n", '\nBest one from One Plus. Earlier I was using One Plus 6 and was planning to buy new phone. Have surfed a lot for buying now phone and then finally decided to go for this. No issues till date after using it for one week. Battery life is good and better than one plus 6.\n', '\nProduct is awesome... There is nothing to say bad about product... But delivery was not that good.. They said guaranteed delivery but they lated the product\n', '\nOnePlus has resolved the below bug 👍 however the camera quality and audio quality is still not good enough for speakers.OnePlus 7 Pro has massive bug ghost touch. i cud repro on 2 of my phones. Enable nfc and run cpu-z app, touch on the menu. #OnePlus7Pro #OnePlus #bugg\n', '\nI bought this mobile launch after 1 day and today i write review b"coz i have no any problem, this is very best mobile in the market andSuperb Quality 👍🏻 OnePlus 😘Flagship Killer 🌠Designed and look 😍😘Display is very smooth...😍Camera is good 👍🏻Gaming experience is best 👍🏻Battery is Good 1 hour Full Charge (4000 mAh) its good fast Charger. and little bit fast drain b"coz 90hz display but wrap charger its handle this issue, no problem.No any issue in this mobile 👍🏻Overall Top class mobile 😍I used Apple 👎🏻 or Samsung 👎🏻but this mobile Awesome 😍😍😍Go For It 💯💯💯\n', '\nI have been a loyal customer of One Plus.... but the problem I am facing with this phone is that there is no option for cellular/data back up of photos in the backup &Sync section. It only says waiting for wifi. I am clueless what to do about it. This option was clearly available in my previous One Plus phone.\n', '\nActually I\'m really disappointed from product (One Plus 7 pro).I\'m facing problem for the first day.Now I\'m thinking I should buy it offline.I made a huge mistake to buy it from you.this is for all customers viewing my review"Please don\'t buy any expensive thing from this website."\n', '\n1-It is a very good mobile and the screen is even better  charging is very fast.2-The quality of the camera is very good.  A camera like this and a phone will not get a very good photo.3-Talking about the physical appearance of the phone, it is very beautiful and very slim.4-And talking about the battery of this phone, it is not very good.  Because the screen of this phone has increased more, due to which the battery consumption is more.  And one day goes on comfortably.5-And the last thing I want to say about this phone. One Plus is One Plus.\n', '\nFinger print sensor is not so good comerative to other phones......purchasing online is a bad decision coz in stores like croma u can get extra benefits free gifts vouchers and other appraeal things worth rs 5000 or more...... In online shopping from Amazon no additional benefits got...... Even no cost Emi in offer was also becoming expensive after the concerned partner bank charged its frst emi.\n', '\nWhat an awesome Mobile to have.. Superfast.. amazing look... Best design.. super cool features..Its 90 hz display is love.. i was confused between one plus 8 and one plus 7pro.. but I am very happy that i made the right decision to buy one plus 7 pro.  Its is also depend on your taste.. i wanted the curve display.. minimum 256 gb storage and HD+ screen... Wsap charging.. good brand value and that too below 45000..That is what, one plus 7 pro all about...\n', "\nBest phone ever, the only problem is sometimes while selecting photos using watsapp, it's getting stuck. I checked with one of my friends as well, he too had the same issue. Hopefully this will resolve in future patchings\n", '\nHonestly i love iphone and from the reviews and ratings of this product considered me to buy this phone but my previous phone iPhone 7 was too good and i was not too happy with my new android so i gave this oneplus to my sister and bought iPhone 11 and im very happy with my decision.For me no phone is better than apple iPhone i mean iphones are the leader of phone industry and for this oneplus I don’t like this phone too much i mean its good for those who likes to live with android.\n', '\nOverall..I would rate it a 4 star phone which has offered a lot however price is bit on a higher side. Would have been a great deal to cap at under 40k.Front pop up camera needs improvement10x Zoom is a superstar. You could see an image which was zoomed and clicked. To your surprise this shiv-linga was 500 meters away from where I clicked this image.Rear camera sometime does wonderful job but still needs better quality as you would be spending approx 50kAnother pic of Lord Hanuman is a proof that rear camera is good but needs improvement\n', '\none plus 7 pro the best phone i have ever fluid amoled is awsm finger print 0.26 un lock super speed super performnce ultimate gaming experince cam super I MOSLTY LIKE THE NOTIFICATION BARS COMING IN BLUE LIGHT ON EITHER SIDES IS ULTIMATE wrap charge is also excellent 5 stars\n', '\nAmazingly quick phone, was under some doubts when i read the reviews which were negative about this phone while the overall rating was better then 4 star! All doubts cleared though as i have been using it since last week.I have cut one star because i believe it can improve further on camera and fingerprint sensitivity as well as few tweaks in software (like u cant seperately lower down notification volume); otherwise, it is a phone to have in 50k range!\n', "\nMobile has good battery, excellent sound quality,but oneplus accessories (original) not available in open market, I've searched for screen glass , but in oneplus official store also not available till now for one plus 7 pro, worst maintenance for oneplus and one complaint is unnecessary movement of popup cam during mobile in pocket while sitting and standing.\n", "\nI am diehard fan of one plus but this time I was disappointed coz of its camera quality even..one plus 5 has better camera quality than it..  pop selfi camera is also not good ..the picture are blurred after captured...it's battery is not good as previous phones coz it's drained fastly...nd also disappointed for headphones jacks...or even in the time of unboxing u shown there are Bluetooth headset but I didn't get any headset..u should provide headset with phone when we paid 50 k...\n", '\nHave been an ardent fan of OnePlus ever since I bought my OnePlus 3. This is my 2nd product from them and have always recommended in my circle to buy their phones for the performance, value for money, and the simplicity it brings in their phone.\n', '\nIt is having the best display quality and performance-wise it is best phone in the range of 35k-50k.Front camera is not good as onplus 7 but it will be resolved after software updates. Battery drains faster while using 90Hz refresh rate but in normal use battery stands 24-36 hours. If you are planning to purchase after April-2020 then I will suggest you to buy oneplus 8.Little problematic to use face lock. The popup camera open then scan and lock will open. Pop camera is not user-friendly for face lock , this is my general point of view for the pop up camera phones. This popup camera is removed from onplus 8.\n', '\nThis is the worst product i have ever got from Amazon.i bought this on 27jan  nw display is not working nd if some one call me display stops working i called to ur executive on 6th of this month he said to format the mobile i did as he said mobile worked well for one day nd again same prblm arose nw wat i have to do nw i want u guys to help me out of this .\n', "\nMobile is excellent and display is superb... I can't find much difference between 90Hz and 60Hz refresh rate.. battery is draining Very fast ..one plus must work on it.pop up camera is awesome..for face unlock it unlocks with in a blink even we cant find the camera moving up and going inside..back camera OnePlus claims 48 MP , but images taken are same as one plus 6t cam . which is 20mp...finally one can go for one plus 7 Pro if they are affordable for 50k bucks , one who wants to enjoy popup camera..display is really super .\n", "\nThe overall performance of phone is just fantastic.Handy phone.I m using this phone since 3 months.Camera quality is awesome and the screen quality is also fabulous and the last is about battery life it last about 6-7 hours after heavy usage but 30 watt charger save our day it charge the phone 0-100% in about 90 minutes.So it's a must buy.\n", "\nIt is a good phone except that now since One Plus 7T and 7T Pro are here. They are a better option. And the 7T is cheaper as well.Apart from that, you can also get 2000 more off if you used my referral. In case you need a referral, you can mail me at danschmidt4321@gmail.com or 9711382150 whatsappThe phone's 90Hz display is the main thing about it. But only for gaming would you see a stark difference and realise how good it is. If you don't intend on doing that, then no point buying a 90Hz display.Great audio quality. Camera is amazing! The nightscape mode is great as well.\n", "\nSome time Touch sensor doesn't response so advice me what to do after 11 day of purchase m facing problem .camera quality is not up to Mark standard ,don't know problem is my phone or it's a OnePlus quality standard.immidiate after purchase I request to give me seller contact details but not provided to me , Don't know why .RegardsPunit\n", '\nDisplay - 5/5Performance - 4.5/5Charging - 5/5User Interface - 4/5Sound - 4/5Camera - 4/5Fingerprint reader - 3.5/5Weight - 2/5Pop up selfie camera - 4.5/5Feel - 4.5/5Value for money - 4/5\n', '\nI am using this phone from past one month and trust me guys, one of the best phone in the market right now. Battery life is far better than my previous samsung flagship phones. Camera is good but the main thing is display. Best display in market right now. Amazing sound quality. No comparison in terms of performance and charging is amazingly fast. Only drawback is regarding the notifications i.e. there is no AOD and notification LED so you have to wake up the phone each time to check whether you have received notification or not.\n', '\nExcellent phone ! LovedFan of OnePlus mobiles , quality is amazing , Glossy finish makes it look more beautifulBattery performance = 5 starDispay : 5 starSpeed : 4 starCamera : 4 starOs : 5 star\n', "\nHave being using it since last 2 days .. Didn't find any feature which is new or unique to 1+7 series. In fact there r lots of good features in my last mobile Honor 8X which I found missing in this.Big disappointment is1) Fast battery discharge. Full charge lasted for 21 hrs only.2) Dual sim reduced functionality.3) Android 9.04) Settings very complex\n", '\nGood and speedier product, suitable for business as well as personal use. MS Office works very fine. Curved screen gives extra large viewing. Easy to hold. Original karboon back cover adds to its business-look.Battery easily lasts three days at moderate use. Very helpful.Did not use camera or finger-print reader till now.Overall a prized possession who has been using BlackBerry for over 10 years and, after its discontinuance, was looking for equally good product.\n', "\nI am a huge fan of one plus mobiles , for the 1st time I have bought one plus 7pro , all features are excellent but only three problems are bothering me1st one : though I kept the fingerprint reader security for phone  it doesn't working properly and phone lock  is opening  up like a normal like named swipe up2nd one : sometimes fingerprint scanner tooks more time to unlock the phone3rd one : battery life is not greater , when compared to Samsung j7 series  it doesn't gives 60%of battery life of j7Please work on it and update me how to solve my problemsI never want to change my brand from one plus , and if the problem continues how can I be tied up with you\n", "\nBattery drain problem and hanging problem in this one plus 7 pro 12gb ram.very worst phone of one plus in one series and cost is too much high and it doesn't deserve this cost.\n", "\n2 months on and the experience has been great so far. Whether it's about taking pictures or watching that high-res video song is just a matter of pure indulgence. Totally in love with the 90 Hz Display that gives videos and live wallpapers an extra fluid factor. Camera quality is superb and the overall processor response is like overwhelmingly good. Initially there were some lags with opening of the camera those are not present now after the updates. Kudos to the OnePlus Team for giving a nice finish to the exterior look and overall aesthetics of the Phone. True Notch-less Experience that is worth owning.\n", "\nOverall average product for the price i paid. The disaster is internet speed is superrrrrrrr slow in this.  i was using oneplus3 previously and switched to this model now and now I can't use internet at all. Beware before buying this product.\n", '\nits a great phone in this price segment.  best display, premiums looks and built quality, the fastest phone, smoother experience, best choice for heavy gamers and for the best graphics..the only con is average berry life.. if you are a heavy user..u will have to charge twice in 24 hours..but quick Dash charge is super fast.. so if twice charging in a single day is ok then go for it..face unlock is but slower as popup camera takes time to get opened. overall its the best flagship smart phone if your budget is around 40-50k..\n', '\nPros1. Brilliant display2. Good performance...never hangedCons1. Camera: Pictures look artificial because colors are modified. Even iphone does that but the final output image on iphone is stunning.When transferred to laptop I realised picture quality is also not good enough.2. No video stabilization at 60fps.3. Microphone while video recording is poor.Never buy this phone if you priority is camera and video.\n', "\nSuper awesome product in such a cheaper price. It's my first time using android phone and have to say that one plus delivers a very premium quality in such a low price. I would everytime recommend this product to those who are thinking to buy apple or samsung smartphone, just give this phone a try it will never disappoint you. The fingerprint scanner, camera, gaming experience, movie watching experience are some of the things has always been at the top notch for me.\n", "\nI had an option of getting the S10+ or the OP 7 Pro. Glad I went for the latter. Firstly, I do not spend big bucks on a phone for camera. I base my purchases on a phone for the performance and the speed.  Even though the camera is not as good as S10+  the OP 7 Pro makes up for it by having notchless display and 90 Hz. When people say there's hardly any difference  between 60 Hz and 90 Hz it is not true.  I also went for 12 Gb option so this helps battery draining apps to run in the background. Only issue is the battery does not meet my expectations and the whole charge barely lasts 18 hours.\n", '\nEverything is superb ....minor changes needed....battery life could be better but good as compared to the display size and quality.....the dispaly and camera are the best one....Get a major issue with the device.....its get swtich off as i connect it to charging......one month review.....i really hate one plus now.....first one plus device may be the last one tooo.....\n', '\nProduct is as per description. Screen guard had bubble. Camera quality is good.Battery when charged 100% will run full day. Speed is good.\n', '\nBest smartphone in the market.\n', '\nFirstly, a great phone, all the features which it has right from the notchless display to the 90Hz refresh rate coupled with the space and the UFS 3.0 transmission, this device works buttery smoothWith the android 10 update now availale, the phone has only improved system and UI experience wise with dark mode and the addition of digital well-being.Though a bit overpriced than Redmi K20 pro, i feel if you really want a great UI experience with the Oxygen OS and dont mind spending a little more for a phone, this phone will serve you atleast 3-4 years making it value for money\n', '\nMy most loved android till date. I’m using Samsung galaxy s10 plus too. But One Plus 7 Pro is a gem in 57k. It will beat all the android phones heads down.Design, Screen, Speed and Battery are too impressive.This phone is too fast. Just loving it.\n', "\nThe best phone you could get in this price range, oxygen OS is the best feature of this phone, it's butter smooth and responsive. Screen quality is good but not in par with Samsung's, 90 Hz screen is a delight to use. Camera also not in par with Samsung and Apple but at this price point we can't complain. Rest everything is better or same than what we get in Apple or Samsung. Buy it without a thought if Camera is not much a priority.\n", '\nThe phone as usual is very very good. Great display..good battery.. awesome camera..pubg play is very very smooth. The only disappointment was that there waa no type c to 3.5 mm dongle. I had to buy separately for 800 bucks.\n', '\nGood\n', "\nNo headphones wired or wireless... Big miss for any flagship phone provider. Horrible ram management. What's the point of having a 8 gb ram when you can only utiliez only 2 gb at a time. Company is holding on to the 12gb ram version and Nubia red magic 3 is just around the conner. I think that is going to be a better phone then this..  wish I could return this and buy the nudia red magic 3\n", '\nHear is a honest review! OnePlus 7 ProThe phone looks amazing.1. No Notch2. Great build quality3. Big screen and amazing quality.However the flaws1. Heavy2. Curved display looks good but a little weird to watch videos on.Performance is great.Battery is bad but charges fast. (4-5 hours max screen on time)Camera is so so. Very slow and takes ok photos. Selfie camera is great. Camera takes good photos outside with lots of light.Also the phone heats up if heavily used outside with full brightness.\n', "\nI love the phone 😍 though I do agree it's probably a bit of overkill with 12GB RAM.  Love the display and the warp charging the most. Don't think I have anything to add to what reviewers have already covered. Not a camera person so never was something I looked for\n", "\nCamera quality is fabulous dont go with the negative review I was so much concerned about the reviews but forget it! It's a superb phone with everything in it with a gud budget! Battery also very good! Display is fab! Touch is so smooth! Notification light is on the 2 sides of the display! It has everything u want I bet! I don't know why people are saying bad about it ! And also I had a update of 465mb present on my phone I received it yesterday only.. u must buy it without any hesitation ! Good luck :) bdw I bought 6gb ram mirror grey 128gb\n", "\nI loved the OnePlus phone's. It is a well designed smartphone. The dash charging is great. The battery life for me is one day with heavy usage. The under-display fingerprint reader is good. The camera quality is the greatest. The clarity and well composed photos are received.\n", "\nI have nothing much to review it - it's a beast and amazingly fast, it has a neat pop up camera and the triple rear camera take decent photos, it is a best value for money smartphone in premium smart phone range. The vibration motor is pretty amazing and typing feels to a next level when you have suddenly upgraded from one plus 3. The on display finger print is fast and doesn't Lags in any way or the other, and finally this almond coloured variable has its own premium look.\n", "\nPhone is goodLittle bit overpricedFeel and finish is awsm when you'll take phone in your hand iat time you'll definitely feel your money worthScreen is goodCharging speed is awsmSmall fuctions  in phone for daily usage are superbOverall phone is good if you are going to buy you'll not feel bad\n", "\nLong time iPhone user. Shifting to andorid bcoz the value the amount of this phone is giving compared to apple flagship device. ATM is way too high. It was no brainer. Only difference I felt was the camera quality compared to iphone. But that also if you compare it to iPhone xs series.But the experience I had with this phone was top notch. Especially speed. And for little gaming.Conclusion-If you don't click many photos and if you just want pure Android experience and top notch display with awesome speed. Then it's no brainer.\n", '\nBeautiful Phone...Pros -LooksCamera.. especially the pop selfie cameraSpeedLovely Color Gradient of the body...ConsBattery Life - Could have been better..Cannot make folders in the drawer.. as other phones.. should add in OxygenOS\n', "\nPlease don't buy this product. It has lot of issue like camera hanging problem . I have already registered complaint in consumer court as well as one plus.after 2 month  i am still facing phone hanging issue  even android 10  installed in phone. i think one plus has  no solution for my device. please don't buy this product.service of one plus is very Bad. i have already told one plus , please take my device free of cost  for analysis. one plus  is supplying defective product.\n", '\nWow factor. I used lots of costly phone but this is real satisfaction. Thank you one plus and Amazon for this great package.. Camera is far a good performance. It feels premium in our hand. Battery back and again charging both is excellent in the market. Invest in this to explore. Guaranteed entertainment.\n', '\nThis this product is defective and I have file complain to return the my handset and today (11/6/20)my handset inspection but your technician not came today .That on 14/6/20/ your technician inspection my handset and told him verbally  handset is defective.But your company not to return/Replacement till to date\n', '\nWhile starting for the first time newly bought one plus 7 pro, it was asking to wipe up the data and rest factory settings then Reboot. however if it is new phone there shall not be any data present and it should already be wiped up. Can you please suggest if this unusual and I should go for return the phone and ask for new one.\n', '\nNice phone but headphone feature must be in it. If the head phone rearranged by the oneplus team Than it is super. But camera quality is also much than the other phones it is blurred so many times if ur hand is little bit shaky or or little bit ur moving the quality get worst. Oneplus team need to improve this system also for the camera quality for the moving person or little bit moving or shaky hands. Otherwise it is excellent for gaming or battery life.\n', "\n\xa0Sir display can't working properly some time one line on display so please replace my phone one plus 7 pro one 3day use my phone and find some problem so please help\n", '\nAfter a use of 25 days I find it a worst purchase of my life.@Screen guard has many scratches on it. And there are Air bubbles at 3 spots. That is provided by One+@Head phone dongal not provided, which was provided by One+ earlier. had to get new one so cost of mobile is ₹40000 + ₹1000. Most dispointed on this.All this is provide by other brands under ₹10000 to ₹15000.Hope my first and last -One i.e. One+ device and suggest other the same.\n', "\nI am using the device since 3 days. Let's talk about thisPros-1. Display is amazing not like galaxy s series phones  But apart from them display is one of the  highlight of device2. Fingerprint is blazing fast3. Performance is top notch. Oxygen os is just  amazing.Cons-1. Camera is little downside, expected more from  OnePlus2. Battery should be atleast 4500mah  Apart from them don't notice much cons.\n", '\nI would have given it 5 out of 5 stars, had they not removed the audio jack or at least they should have provided an alternative in the box. Huge let down!! As a person who uses phone to listen to music, podcasts and audio books, I must say I am regretting my decision.\n', '\nGreat product by OnePlus.. device is something like you always want to use, display is very vibrant and crispy, 90Hz makes it more smoother, camera performance is also very good, finger print scanner is beyond expectations, very fast and accurate, battery life is decent, I am a heavy user, It last for 1 day on heavy use, Gaming experience is going to be unbelievable with this device. I play PUBG and asphalt 9 legends, all went very fine and smooth! Go for it guys if you need a all-round performance. A perfect device. Love you Oneplus\n', '\nIt is a very awesome phone. Stunning display and excellent stereo speakers. Its very fast, may be the fastest phone among all competitors due to 90 hz. Battery power is very good. Camera is also good. The only hitch is the headset jack, which is not found. Overall 5 stars and value for money.\n', "\nYes a really good phone just a little expensive,I have got the 12gb ram one thought it will help in my gaming experience but you cannot use the full 12GB most of the time it's around 5.5 GB and and maximum cases it goes to six so you can also buy 8 GB model and save money to buy the accessories for your in short a really good food just a drawback that its camera quality not that up to the mark in fake kind wost\n", '\nOne of the best phone in the market currently.I got this 8 GB RAM+256GB @Rs 39000 during decent sale period which includes 2k HDFC instant discount+ 1.7k HDFC loyalty cashback+6k One plus 5th year anniversary discount.So for me it was a gorgeous deal.Everything seems to be great apart from battery which was a tad disappointing but then u have got a 30W super quick charger.\n', "\nbuy for display ! even though the camera not great compare to iPhone/s10+ but it was pretty good to take photos, Dolby was awesome!  It feels bit heavy but it's manageable! super-bright vivid AMOLED display! speed and haptic vibration is good to feel ! blindly go for it !\n", '\nWorst everI dreamt of this phone since 2yrs n finally purchasedDouble tap doesn’t workBattery drains so muchNo vibrationsSoftware issuesVery much disappointedFinally returned this within a week nFor the same cost I purchased iPhone XRI’m happy with iPhone now\n', "\nBattery life is very bad.....warp charger provided in the box isn't as good as company claimed...... company claimed it will reach 0-48 within 20mins but when i tested it was 35% in 20 mins.....but completely charge in 1 hr 15 mins......otherwise everything is good..... Amazon's security service is very good....with this otp system no delivery boy can keep anyone's order or deliver to other person & mark it delivered.......for this security service 5* to amazon\n", "\nWell purchased it after lot of thinking but i can proudly say one of the best flagship under the price range . Overall from its display to its hardware all upto it's software are tuned up so greatly. And the android 10 with oxygen os 10 after the update works so well . Camera is a big improvement works well in low light conditions and can generate some great shots . Completely satisfied with the one plus 7 pro and it really lets you NEVER SETTLE.\n", "\nThe product is phenomenal....It just blew my mindI definitely recommend you to go for this product.I think it's better to go for this product than Apple iPhone XR , cause it has only 64GB rom.Pros:1) Speed2) Display with no notch3) Classy look4) 90Hz refresh rate makes it buttery smooth5) UFS 3.06) Warp charge7) Stereo speakersCons:1) The phone is slippery without case2) The pre-installed scrath guard is not of a good quality..I would recommend to change it soonThere's not much of a con in this amazing device\n", '\nFabulous product... Screen is amazing.... Worth buying... I bought this product for presentation of photography captured in dslr.... So big screen is necessary for me... And i am happy for the pro version...\n', "\nEverything thing is good, but sometimes it hang while charging.One thing I notice after 2 month on back side of phone glass I observed some minor scratches even I always use back cover.they should improve quality of back glass.It'll become Heavy if you use back cover and glass.\n", '\nBatter draining very fast while using net the only drawback of this phone if you are a ruff user of a phone then this not give you a one day backup in one full charge otherwise all aspects are simply superb and camera in nightscape is Damm usp of the camera. Screen quality is awesome and use without case the phone give a classy look in your hand so I recommend use without case but lot of care because phone is too slippery.\n', "\nWoderful phone, love many things,...charge within 1hr. Wt- slightly heavy..got use to it.Front camera not so good. All other things are very good. Price is high..fingerprint reader is ok...camera quality is also improved after new update. But camera quality is avarage when u click photo of news paper. U can't read the words. Autorotate is wrost.\n", '\nHi, I bought this 10 days ago, one plus 7 pro has wonderful fingerprint reader, especially camera quality is excellent ( pop up front camera is very fast ) , battery life is very good and last one ICICI instant discount of 2000... Overall wonderful\n', "\nOverall phone performance is good. Camera is very nice. Fingerprint sensor is thunder fast. Display is mind blowing.this device gives u a better experience. U'll never ever seen before. I'm very happy for this product. My favorite colour is blue 💙. Nebulla blue is the only colour which gives u a royal look. Battery life is better. Charging is like warp charge For every 1 min 3% will charge. That's the beauty of this phone😍. Loved it😘. Expecially camera has 10x zoom. Gives a clear output to which you have focused. Jai Saaho 😎. #Saahotimes_birthday_vibes_oneplus7pro😍\n", '\nHi,Pls confirm whether purchase from Amazon automatically entitles me for warranty or not. If not, kindly guide how to cover the oneplus 7 pro 12gb Ram 256GB Storage can be covered in the warranty.Also i had taken a number of gift cards/booking card for oneplus pro phone. however i could not place order till 15th june as 12GB RAM product was hardly available for booking. Pls confirm that my purchase is covered under screen protection.RgdsMunindra\n', "\nBest Android phone you will ever need.I have been using this for 4 months and it works as smooth as butter. I have the 12gb RAM with 256gb memory variant. Has zero glitches while running CPU intensive apps. The selfie camera mechanism is quite sturdy and safe. All in all, whatever OnePlus claims for this phone is true. The only con is that it doesn't come with a type C to 3.5 mm Jack adapter/ converter.\n", "\nIts a beast interms of performance. Oxygen OS is as smooth as always and its get better and better day by day. Updates are always on time. Interms of camera it's good but not the best as compared to the competition. Still waiting for the updated camera software which was promised by the OnePlus team during the launch of this phone. Battery life is better than average but not so good for heavy users.\n", '\nBest in Class.High end performance.Best gaming experience with fnatic mode.Camera is superior.Display is more than just 90hz.All day battery life.Simply the Best deal.\n', '\nIf you are android user and you want something fast in your life than go for it best device in terms of everything\n', '\nMobile are too good\n', '\nThe phone is little heavier than previous OnePlus models, I understand 4000 battery and big screen. Otherwise it deliverd as promised. Initially it fails 2-3 time during initial setup due to software glitch but hard-reboot helped to restore the error. The mobile is a charm.\n', "\nThis is the first One plus phone I'm using. It's great. Especially the touch experience, it is awesome. The screen response and smoothness is flawless. Not the right person to speak about processor or gaming experience.One thing I felt is camera can be little more advanced. We can not zoom or adjust in Nightscape or Portrait modes. Slowmotion recording in low light is not good as expected. Expect these two everything is more than expected.... Loved this\n", '\nThe only thing I resent about this phone is the exclusion of the headphone adapter/dongle in the box. Oh and the cheap quality tpu case that comes with it. Dick move OnePlus!Phone is great however, though for the asking price of 58K it better be.\n', '\nThis mobile phone is awesome in this series. After using for 1 month I realise that this phone is the best amongst other flagship mobile phones. Camera filters needs to be reviewed by OnePlus . No network issues at all. 90 hz display is wonderful. Overall excellent product\n', '\nI absolutely liked the mobile. There is no ifs and buts. Looks are super. Feel is even more super. Charging speed is excellent. Usage is very easy. Finger scan is good. Highly recommended in the high end mobile category. Must buy.\n', '\nOverall the phone is awesome camera ,batter, lookwise, soundquality without earphones, popup camera tottaly best phone Only one thing i dnt like that oneplus should provide c to 3.5  converter for  earphones  must...have a 100% look on this... And if they  then plz send me 1 pair... Eles tge the phone is best\n', "\nIf you think you can live without headphone jack, think again. Get Bluetooth headphones and it's the best phone in the world.Battery / charging speedScreen (dimensions and resolution)PerformanceAudio (speaker)GamingEverything is top notch.Camera is also okay... You won't be able to tell the difference. Pop up camera works fine.The case provided by OnePlus sucks... So get that also.\n", "\nThe basics tenants of smartphone design weren't radically challenged the previous year.But 2019 ,brought a few exceptional releases.And this is the phone I am talking about....Saying this an expensive is a contradiction.In today's days of industrialization and globalization, both life and time is synonymous. And running with this phone is much easier as compared to today's world.Not only it has best features but has an awesome look. Finally, this phone is incredible...\n", "\nGud one  ..I bought this phone last week..and all bad rumors are wrong about it...This is an amazing phone in everything ..specially in games it it so smooth , let it be PUBG or any other high graphic games ..and it's battery charging and Curved (looks like 3D) is awesome😘 ...Also reviews about 1 or 2 star for this smartphone are all from fake bad marketers or morons . Its been almost 8 months since I am using this phone and me and everyone I know Loves it\n", '\nSwitched from iphone to OnePlus. First time using a OnePlus device.Display is beautiful and attractive. . You can feel the 90 hz display on ur fingertips.Overall decent battery life. Lasts for a day. Drains rapidly while watching videos and playing games.Processor is superfast and super snappy. Oxygen os works very well.\n', '\nPHONE SOO MUCH HEATED USED ONLY SOME TIME BUT ITS SO MUCH HEATEDAND BACK CAMERA IS NOT CLEAREDYOU CAN ALSO SEE THE CAMERA QUALITY IN PHOTO\n', "\nI have purchased One Plus 7 Pro (Nebula Blue) 12/256 from Amazon. Overall look of the handset is fine but it keeps getting hanged while talking and it's touch sensor is not up to the mark . Overall i am not happy with the handset i received,  i don''t know whether store has given an old/used handset to me because other friends of mine are using the same phone but they are not finding this issue as such and they bought it from Chroma.\n"]