['\n\n  The best budget phone no smartphone can match. Imagine a battery that needs no charging. Lol. At least two days.What camera? Wow...Speed...how many cores...just like boss ...wow...I just hate samsung UI...let android UI be. I shifted from Xiaomi, honor and iPhone.. But never had issues but with this phone I have to unlearn every android or iOS simplicity. Samsung UI is complex. I just have to ask Google everytime for small things like finger print gestures.All in all I would unlearn everything ahhahahah...thanks samsung!!!!\n\n', "\n\n  Pros:1. First time sAmoled user, this screen is so great. When you low the brightness then it actually become very low which is good in night. In sunlight it glows.2. Colors are so vibrant and good that i just look at the 4k videos and just keep admiring its quality.3. Touch is so smooth that it feels very light.4. Android 10 is a charm. Loads of functionality. And that too very useful.5. Battery couldn't be more great. Though it takes time to charge but once charged then it goes all day night long.6. Sound is superb. Speaker are crisp clear audio without any glitch. Call quality is great. I can talk so easily now.7. Dolby Atmos is a charm. Its headphones sound quality is super.8. Camera is great. It captures details. Although its not a dslr but its good.9. Build quality couldn't be better. Gorilla glass makes it more good.Cons:1. Battery charger is very low like 15w which is below market standards.2. Top notch could have been more smaller like a dot display.3. Processer are low end.4. Front camera lacks quality\n\n", '\n\n  I won\'t bore you with the techie stuff in the beginning..that will come later on...PS:go towards the end of the comment if you wanna have a detailed review.Overall a good phone , good performance ( it\'s been 1 month since I\'ve been using the phone) .A very good alternative to Chinese phones you can control a huge number of ads i.e no vulgar ads popping on your notification list in the morning..thank god for that.I just have one complaint the back got scratched in this one month.. so buy a cover along with the phone.The boring techie analysis:The phone has improved 64MP quad rear camera,8MP for extra wide angle shorts,5MP for macro photos and 5MP for depth and 32MP front facing camera A rear  mounted finger scanner which works amazingly... Now comming to the screen, the phone comes with FHD 6.4" super AMOLED infinity display  with infinity-U cut this is a full HD display with amazing screen quality.Internals:It works on 1UI version2 i.e. Android 10With Exynos 9611 octacore processor with10nm.Finally 6000mAh battery USB-C Port and Samsung\'s 15Watt adaptive fast charging\n\n', '\n\n  Good phone I like it very much because of its camera and battery life and also it has many great features . It has smart look, beautiful design,sleekness.overall it is a very useful product for me.camera is too good for taking pictures. It has very nice fingerprint sensor. It has also other intellegent options like hand Screenshot. Facereader is very good option for unlocking the phone.\n\n', '\n\n  Dont go for the negative reviews, they have been written by the noobs who dont know how to adjust settings. Coming to the point. It is decent phone (not a very great one) but i was tired of Ads in my previous realme phone so i bought this.Pros-BatteryCameraDisplayUIPricingSamsung BrandNo AdsCons-Facelock is not goodspeakers are averageprocessor is not comparable to industry standard ( but any game can be smoothly played on it )\n\n', '\n\n  A marvelous phone at great price which can compete with any phone in its category in all aspects and can beat them hands down. Long battery life to sustain for more than one and a half day, responsive fingerprint reader including retinal scan and a great camera to shoot at various angles.  The nail in the coffin is that its NON CHINESE and this is the minimum we can do to support the cause in such a situation. Only one demerit is that its slightly heavy, may be due to 6000 mah bty. Overall a highly recommended budget phone.\n\n', '\n\n  My mom has been constantly complaining of issues with the phone, i.e. like the phone keyboard sometimes not responding to touch, the audio jack breaking the earphone sound, the fingerprint not always responding. Or not getting the calls over whats-app.She has used Android phones for a long time already.So i think most could be software problems, so i installed appropriate once for her to make it work better. I am still looking up on the internet if the phone has some persistent hardware or software issues, like with the wifi card because of which intermittent connectivity problems could occur.The phone works fairly fine when i am using it.\n\n', "\n\n  Fingerprint reader at a weird place, if you use covers it'll be even more difficult to use.Fairly good face detection, so I use that often to unlock phone. Though difficult to detect when in dark.Super artificially enhanced and processed output from both the cameras. Would love some naturals captures that's just impossible. Not a good camera. Aap you can see in the first picture, the room is moderately lit but image is pretty bright, the details are lacking and the image is not as sharp. The second image is of outdoors, good lighting and a little enhanced colours, though if I zoom in the picture will be distorted and lacks details, which is not expected from a 64 mp camera.Amazing display, lovely colours. Same goes with the touch.Battery lasts for well more than a day on moderate usage with data on all day long, which is great.Performance is good, not best not poor either.Don't play games at all, no clue/opinion about it.Great after sales service, I received a call to check in and review the device. Looking forward to get some significant improvements in upcoming products.\n\n", '\n\n  Reviewing After 1Month of Use..Huge battery of 6000mAh😱..after full charge it give a backup of nearly 22 hrs (based on how u use)Amoled screen is just phenomenal🔥..(u can\'t question it..) even in sunlight it works perfectly💯...Camera quality is good❤️ as per price..(and in this price range I just Love its camera)Speakers are loud enough..audio output is good..I tried heavy gaming in this (which I don\'t usually play😅) and the phone works perfectly fine...It is obvious one may find phone a little weighted bcoz of heavy battery..What I don\'t like is the "15w charger"😖(It takes 120 - 150 min to get full charge)I mean with such a huge battery of 6000mAh company should provide a 25w charger..\n\n', "\n\n  A good budget phone with some pretty decent features.I've used it for almost 10days. So according to me the pros and cons are listed below.Pros-----* Color reproduction of camera is nice and display the almost accurate colors.* Video stabilization is up to the mark* Amoled screens are always glamorizing* AI battery optimization (depending on your usage pattern the battery will auto optimize. It'll take some to time to learn the pattern)* Many levels of customization including fonts, themes, gestures, etc.* Processor is good enough to handle day to day multitasking. I don't play games on regular basis but games like pubg, asphalt and cod are playble (at 45-60fps). Some graphics tweaks will boost the performance.* Single speaker but loud enough for basic usageCons------* Charging takes almost 2h 45m to boost from 0 to 100.* Night mode could be optimized.Go for this phone if you're looking for a budget phone with decent features, good security patterns, long battery life and an amazing camera for outdoor and selfie shots.Note: This phone may not be suitable for gamers due to the exonys Processor. According to the benchmarks it's more powerful than a SD 675 but slower than SD 720. Go for phones with 720G or 730G.#MadeInIndia\n\n"]